Consent Form Summary:

This research study, Winship4517-18, led by Dr. Olatunji Alese, is testing a new combination of two drugs, Niraparib and Panitumumab, for people with advanced colon or rectal cancer. The goal is to see if this combination is safe and effective. If you choose to participate, you’ll be one of approximately 26 patients, and participation will last at least 8 weeks, potentially longer if you are benefiting from the treatment. You'll have regular check-ups every two weeks, including blood tests, physical exams, and scans to monitor your cancer. Potential risks include side effects from the drugs like low blood cell counts, high blood pressure, and digestive issues; a full list is available in the consent form. While you won't directly benefit from the study, it could help others in the future. Your medical care will continue as usual, regardless of your decision to participate. You are free to withdraw at any time without penalty. Your health information will be kept confidential, and while the study sponsor (Tesaro/GlaxoSmithKline) will have access, it will be protected. Emory will provide medical care if you experience injury related to the study, though costs may be billed to your insurance. You won’t be compensated for your time, but you can receive a copy of this consent form. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Alese at or the Emory Institutional Review Board at .

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Costs

The study sponsor will pay for certain items and services that you may receive if you take part in this study.

Panitumumab and Niraparib will be free of charge.

You will have to pay for the items or services for which the study sponsor does not pay. The sponsor will not pay for your regular medical care. If you have insurance, Emory will submit claims to your insurance for items and services that the sponsor does not cover.  Emory will send in only those claims for items and services that it reasonably believes your insurance will pay and that the sponsor has not paid.

The actual amount that you have to pay depends on whether or not you have health insurance and whether or not that insurance will pay for any research study costs. Generally, insurance companies will not pay for items and services that are required just for a research study. Some insurance companies will not pay for regular medical treatment or treatment for complications if you are in a study.  How much you will have to pay for any co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance depends on your plan.  Emory and the sponsor will not pay for these costs.

It is a good idea to contact your insurance provider and tell them you want to be in this research study.  Ask them what they will pay for and what they will not pay for.  You can also ask the study team for help in figuring out what you will have to pay.

If you do not have insurance, Emory will review your case as part of its program for low-income patient care.  The standard policies of that program will apply.  The program will figure out if you have to pay any costs for taking part in the study and what those costs will be.
