Consent Form Summary:

This research study, Winship4517-18, led by Dr. Olatunji Alese, is testing a new combination of two drugs, Niraparib and Panitumumab, for people with advanced colon or rectal cancer. The goal is to see if this combination is safe and effective. If you choose to participate, you’ll be one of approximately 26 patients, and participation will last at least 8 weeks, potentially longer if you are benefiting from the treatment. You'll have regular check-ups every two weeks, including blood tests, physical exams, and scans to monitor your cancer. Potential risks include side effects from the drugs like low blood cell counts, high blood pressure, and digestive issues; a full list is available in the consent form. While you won't directly benefit from the study, it could help others in the future. Your medical care will continue as usual, regardless of your decision to participate. You are free to withdraw at any time without penalty. Your health information will be kept confidential, and while the study sponsor (Tesaro/GlaxoSmithKline) will have access, it will be protected. Emory will provide medical care if you experience injury related to the study, though costs may be billed to your insurance. You won’t be compensated for your time, but you can receive a copy of this consent form. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Alese at or the Emory Institutional Review Board at .

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Medical Record

If you have been an Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital patient before, then you already have an Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital medical record.  If you have never been an Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital patient, you do not have one.   An Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital medical record will be made for you if an Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital provider or facility gives you any services or procedures for this study.

Copies of the consent form/HIPAA authorization that you sign will be put in any Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital medical record you have now or any time during the study.

Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital may create study information about you that can help with your care.  For example, the results of study tests or procedures.  These study results will be put in your Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital medical record. Anyone who has access to your medical records will be able to have access to all the study information placed there.  The confidentiality of the study information in your medical record will be protected by laws like the HIPAA privacy rule.  State and federal laws may not protect the research information from disclosure.

The results of some study tests and procedures will be used only for research purposes and will not be placed in your medical record.  For this study, those items include: results on the correlative skin biopsy samples and results on the analysis of tumor biopsy specimens.

Tests and procedures done at non-Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital places may not become part of your Emory and Saint Joseph's Hospital medical record. Also, if you decide to be in this study, it is up to you to let your other health providers know.
