Consent Form Summary:

This research study at the National Cancer Institute aims to determine if a new cell therapy can shrink tumors caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV), such as those found in cervical, anal, or throat cancer. If you choose to participate, you’ll undergo tests including scans and blood work, receive chemotherapy to prepare your immune system, be given specially grown cells from your own tumor through an IV, and then receive a medication called aldesleukin to help those cells fight cancer. The process involves a hospital stay and regular follow-up appointments for up to five years. Potential risks include fever, infection, side effects from chemotherapy, and, rarely, more serious complications like lung or heart problems. While there's no guarantee of personal benefit, the study could help others with HPV-related cancers in the future. You have the right to withdraw at any time without losing any standard care. Your medical information will be kept private, but may be shared with organizations overseeing the research. There is no cost to you for the study treatment, but you may be responsible for some outside medical costs. If you experience a research-related injury, short-term care will be provided. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Steven Rosenberg at 301-496-4164 or the Clinical Center Patient Representative at 301-496-2626. Up to 73 patients will participate in this study.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Stopping Therapy

Your doctor may decide to take you off this study under the following circumstances:

- if he/she believes that it is in your best interest
- if your disease comes back during treatment
- if you experience side effects from the treatment that are considered too severe
- if new information becomes available that shows that another treatment would be better for you




NIH 2514-1, Consent to Participate in A Clinical Research Study NIH 2514-2, Minor Patient's Assent to Participate In A Clinical Research Study




NIH 2514-1, Consent to Participate in A Clinical Research Study NIH 2514-2, Minor Patient's Assent to Participate In A Clinical Research Study


In this case, you will be informed of the reason for that decision.

You can stop participating at any time. However, if you decide to stop participating in the study, we  encourage  you  to  talk  to  the  study  doctor  and  your  regular  doctor  first. If  you  refuse  to participate or withdraw from the protocol or at the completion of the protocol, we will attempt to offer  you  participation  in  other  NIH  protocols  if  these  are  available,  or  will  refer  you  to  your home physician for further management.

guidelines, you

If  you decide at any time to withdraw your consent to participate in the trial, we will not collect any additional medical information about you. However, according to FDA information collected on you  up  to that point may  still be provided  to the  Sponsor. If withdraw your consent and leave the trial, any samples of yours that have been obtained for the study  and  stored  at  the  NCI  can  be  destroyed  upon  request.  However,  any  samples  and  data generated  from  the  samples  that  have  already  been  distributed  to  other  researchers  or  placed  in the research databases cannot be recalled and destroyed.

You should understand that this study involves research and that your participation is voluntary. Unexpected or unforeseeable side effects may also occur. Your participation in this protocol may be  terminated  without  your  consent  if  your  physician  feels  that  it  would  not  be  safe  for  you  to continue.  Any significant new findings that relate to this protocol will be discussed with you.
