Consent Form Summary:

This research study at the National Cancer Institute aims to determine if a new cell therapy can shrink tumors caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV), such as those found in cervical, anal, or throat cancer. If you choose to participate, you’ll undergo tests including scans and blood work, receive chemotherapy to prepare your immune system, be given specially grown cells from your own tumor through an IV, and then receive a medication called aldesleukin to help those cells fight cancer. The process involves a hospital stay and regular follow-up appointments for up to five years. Potential risks include fever, infection, side effects from chemotherapy, and, rarely, more serious complications like lung or heart problems. While there's no guarantee of personal benefit, the study could help others with HPV-related cancers in the future. You have the right to withdraw at any time without losing any standard care. Your medical information will be kept private, but may be shared with organizations overseeing the research. There is no cost to you for the study treatment, but you may be responsible for some outside medical costs. If you experience a research-related injury, short-term care will be provided. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Steven Rosenberg at 301-496-4164 or the Clinical Center Patient Representative at 301-496-2626. Up to 73 patients will participate in this study.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION

1. Confidentiality. When results of an NIH research study ar e reported in medical journals or  at  scientific  meetings,  the  people  who  take  part  are  not  named  and  identified.    In  most  cases, the  NIH  will  not  release  any  information  about  your  research  involvement  without  your  written permission.    However,  if  you  sign  a  release  of  information  form,  for  example,  for  an  insurance company, the NIH will give the insurance company information from your medical record.  This information might affect (either favorably or unfavorably) the willingness of the insurance company to sell you insurance.

accreditation

The Federal Privacy Act protects the confidentiality of your NIH medical records.  However, you should know that the Act allows release of some information from your medical record without your  permission,  for  example,  if  it  is  requir ed  by  the  Food  and  Drug  Administration  (FDA), members of Congress, law enforcement officials, or authorized hospital organizations.

2. Policy  Regarding  Research -Related  Injuries. The  Clinical  Center  will  provide  short -term  medical  care  for  any  injury  resulting  from  your  participation  in  research  here.    In  general, no long -term medical care or financial compensation for research -related injuries will be provided  by  the  National  Institutes  of  Health,  the  Clinical  Center,  or  the  Federal  Governme nt. However, you have the right to pursue legal remedy if you believe that your injury justifies such action.

offered

3. Payments. The  amount  of  payment  to  research  volunteers  is  guided  by  the  National Institutes of Health policies.  In general, patients are not paid for taking part in research studies at the National Institutes of Health. Reimbursement  of  travel and subsistence will be consistent with NIH guidelines.
4. Problems  or  Questions. If  you  have  any  problems  or  questions  about  this  study,  or about your rights as a research participant,  or  about  any  research -related injury, cont act the Principal  Investigator, Steven  A.  Rosenberg,  M.D.,  Ph.D.,  Building  10  CRC,  Room  3-3940, Telephone:  301-496-4164. You may also call the Clinical Center Patient Re presentative at 301496-2626.
5. Consent  Document. Please  keep  a  copy  of  this  document  in  case  you  want  to  read  it again.
- Parent, for Minor Patient

