Consent Form Summary:

This research study at the National Cancer Institute aims to determine if a new cell therapy can shrink tumors caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV), such as those found in cervical, anal, or throat cancer. If you choose to participate, you’ll undergo tests including scans and blood work, receive chemotherapy to prepare your immune system, be given specially grown cells from your own tumor through an IV, and then receive a medication called aldesleukin to help those cells fight cancer. The process involves a hospital stay and regular follow-up appointments for up to five years. Potential risks include fever, infection, side effects from chemotherapy, and, rarely, more serious complications like lung or heart problems. While there's no guarantee of personal benefit, the study could help others with HPV-related cancers in the future. You have the right to withdraw at any time without losing any standard care. Your medical information will be kept private, but may be shared with organizations overseeing the research. There is no cost to you for the study treatment, but you may be responsible for some outside medical costs. If you experience a research-related injury, short-term care will be provided. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Steven Rosenberg at 301-496-4164 or the Clinical Center Patient Representative at 301-496-2626. Up to 73 patients will participate in this study.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Conflict of Interest

The National Institutes of Health reviews NIH staff researchers at least yearly for conflicts of interest. This process is detailed in a Protocol review Guide.   You may ask your research team for additional information or a copy of the Protocol Review Guide or for more information. Members of the research team who do not work for NIH are expected to follow these guidelines but they do not need to report their personal finances to the NIH.

Members of the research team working on this study may have up to $15,000 of stock in the companies that make products used in this study.  This is allowed under federal rules and is not a conflict of interest.

It is possible that the information obtained from your participation on this study may become valuable for commercial research and development purposes (including patentable inventions), which may be of significant benefit to society, the sponsor of this study, individual researchers or other third parties.  You will not receive direct financial benefit from such research and development.  The NIH and 2 of the investigators on the research team have developed the cell process being used in this research and have a patent pending.  This means that it is possible that the results of this study could lead to payments to NIH scientists and to the NIH.  By law, government scientists are required to receive such payments for their inventions.

PATIENT IDENTIFICATION




