Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION

1. Confidentiality. When results of an NIH research study ar e reported in medical journals or  at  scientific  meetings,  the  people  who  take  part  are  not  named  and  identified.    In  most  cases, the  NIH  will  not  release  any  information  about  your  research  involvement  without  your  written permission.    However,  if  you  sign  a  release  of  information  form,  for  example,  for  an  insurance company, the NIH will give the insurance company information from your medical record.  This information might affect (either favorably or unfavorably) the willingness of the insurance company to sell you insurance.

accreditation

The Federal Privacy Act protects the confidentiality of your NIH medical records.  However, you should know that the Act allows release of some information from your medical record without your  permission,  for  example,  if  it  is  requir ed  by  the  Food  and  Drug  Administration  (FDA), members of Congress, law enforcement officials, or authorized hospital organizations.

2. Policy  Regarding  Research -Related  Injuries. The  Clinical  Center  will  provide  short -term  medical  care  for  any  injury  resulting  from  your  participation  in  research  here.    In  general, no long -term medical care or financial compensation for research -related injuries will be provided  by  the  National  Institutes  of  Health,  the  Clinical  Center,  or  the  Federal  Governme nt. However, you have the right to pursue legal remedy if you believe that your injury justifies such action.

offered

3. Payments. The  amount  of  payment  to  research  volunteers  is  guided  by  the  National Institutes of Health policies.  In general, patients are not paid for taking part in research studies at the National Institutes of Health. Reimbursement  of  travel and subsistence will be consistent with NIH guidelines.
4. Problems  or  Questions. If  you  have  any  problems  or  questions  about  this  study,  or about your rights as a research participant,  or  about  any  research -related injury, cont act the Principal  Investigator, Steven  A.  Rosenberg,  M.D.,  Ph.D.,  Building  10  CRC,  Room  3-3940, Telephone:  301-496-4164. You may also call the Clinical Center Patient Re presentative at 301496-2626.
5. Consent  Document. Please  keep  a  copy  of  this  document  in  case  you  want  to  read  it again.
- Parent, for Minor Patient

