Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a combination of two drugs, neratinib and capmatinib, to see if they can help people with breast cancer that has spread. Neratinib is already approved for some breast cancers, while capmatinib is approved for lung cancer but not breast cancer; this combination is being studied for a new use. The study has two parts: first, to find the best dose, and second, to see if that dose can control the disease. You might experience side effects like fatigue, nausea, or diarrhea, and serious risks are possible. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the study could help others in the future. You will receive study drugs for up to 3 years, depending on how well you respond. The drugs will be provided at no cost, but other treatments and tests may be billed to your insurance. Your participation is voluntary, and you can stop at any time. Your medical information will be kept confidential, but may be shared with study sponsors and regulatory agencies. If you are injured due to the study, standard medical care will be provided, but you won’t be compensated financially. Contact Dr. Rachel Layman at 713-745-8401 or the IRB at 713-792-6477 with any questions. Screening tests, including blood work and scans, will be done to determine eligibility. Your samples and data may be used for future research, even after the study ends. You will not receive payment for participating, but your time and travel are valued.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Additional Information

Protocol 2020-0198

February 1, 2024

Page 10 of 15

4.  You may ask the study chair (Dr. Rachel Layman, at 713-745-8401) any questions you have about this study. You may also contact the Chair of MD Anderson's Institutional Review Board (IRB - a committee that reviews research studies) at 713-792-6477 with any questions that have to do with this study or your rights as a study participant.
5.  You may choose not to take part in this study without any penalty or loss of benefits to which you are otherwise entitled. You may also withdraw from participation in this study at any time without any penalty or loss of benefits. If you decide you want to stop taking part in the study, please inform the study chair in writing. It is recommended for your safety that you first talk to your doctor. If you withdraw from this study, you can still choose to be treated at MD Anderson. The study staff may ask if they can continue collecting the results of routine care from your medical record.
6.  This study or your participation in it may be changed or stopped without your consent at any time by the study chair, Novartis, Puma Biotechnology, Celcuity, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP), or the IRB of MD Anderson.
7.  You will be informed of any new findings or information that might affect your willingness to continue taking part in the study, including the results of all of your standard tests performed as part of this research, and you may be asked to sign another informed consent and authorization form stating your continued willingness to participate in this study.
8.  MD Anderson, Celcuity, Novartis, and/or Puma may benefit from your participation and/or what is learned in this study.
9.  This study is sponsored and/or supported by: Novartis; Puma Biotechnology; Celcuity.
10.  In a medical emergency, you may be cared for by someone who has a financial interest with the study sponsor(s)/supporter. If you have any questions about this, you may call the IRB at 713-792-6477.
