Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing if the drug pembrolizumab can change the immune response within high-risk ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), a type of non-invasive breast cancer. Approximately 39 patients will participate, receiving injections of pembrolizumab directly into their tumor, followed by standard surgical removal. You may be assigned to a control group receiving standard surgery only. The study involves screenings like blood tests, MRI scans, and physical exams to determine eligibility and monitor your health. Potential side effects are generally mild, such as itching or cough, but more serious, though rare, immune-related reactions are possible. There may be unknown risks as with any new treatment. Participation may not directly benefit your health, but the information gathered could help future patients. You will not be paid for participation, but costs directly related to the research drug and some tests will be covered. Your medical information will be kept private, though legal requirements may necessitate sharing with certain organizations. You can leave the study at any time without penalty. If you experience an injury related to the study, medical treatment will be provided. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Laura Esserman or Dr. Jasmine Wong at 415-353-7070, or the Committee on Human Research at 415-476-1814. The study duration is approximately 8-15 weeks.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## W H AT ARE THE COSTS OF TAKING PART IN THE STUDY?

Some of the services you will receive are being done only because you are participating in this research study. Examples of these 'research only' services include: supply of study drug, , MRI imaging during the expansion phase, and review of side effects related to the drug. Those services will be paid for by the study and will not be billed to you or your health insurance company.  If you believe you have received a bill for a research related procedure contact the study team and the UCSF Medical Center  office that sent the bill.

In addition, some of the services you will receive during this research study are considered to be 'routine cancer care' that you would have received even if you were not participating in the research study. Examples include a mammogram for clip placement, administration of intralesional injection of the study drug, including any medically necessary MRI or ultrasound imaging to guide the needle. These services will be billed to your health insurance company, and you will be responsible for paying any deductibles, co-payments or co-insurance that are a normal part of your health insurance plan.  If you do not have health insurance, you will be responsible for those costs.

Before you agree to be in this study, you may want to contact your healthcare payer/insurer to see if your plan will cover the costs required as part of your participation. You may request more information about the costs of participating in this study and discuss this with the study team.

If you have any questions, your doctor and the study team will be able to provide you with answers.

For more information on clinical trials and insurance coverage, you can visit the National Cancer Institute's Web site at http://cancer.gov/clinicaltrials/understanding/insurance-coverage. You can print a copy of the "Clinical Trials and Insurance Coverage" information from this Web site.

Another way to get the information is to call 1-800-4-CANCER (1-800-422-6237) and ask them to send you a free copy.
