Here is a clear and concise summary of the clinical trial in a paragraph style, at an eighth-grade level:

You are being asked to participate in a research study at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to test the safety and effectiveness of a combination of two medications, PLX038 and rucaparib, for treating small cell lung cancer or small cell cancer outside the lungs. The purpose of this study is to find a safe combination of these medications and see if they can shrink tumors. You will receive PLX038 through an IV on the first day of each 21-day cycle, and rucaparib by mouth on days 6-19 of each cycle. You will also have regular blood tests, scans, and physical exams to check for side effects and how well the medications are working. The study may benefit you by shrinking your tumor or lessening your symptoms, but there are also risks and discomforts, such as nausea, fatigue, and low blood counts. You are free to stop participating in the study at any time and for any reason. Your medical information will be kept private, but it may be shared with other researchers and organizations to help improve cancer treatment. You will not receive compensation for participating in this study, but your expenses may be reimbursed. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Principal Investigator, Anish Thomas, M.D., at anish.thomas@nih.gov or 240-760-7343.

## KEY INFORMATION ABOUT THIS RESEARCH

This consent form describes a research study and is designed to help you decide if you would like to be a part of the research study.

You are being asked to take part in a research study at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This section provides the information we believe is most helpful and important to you in making your decision about participating in this study. Additional information that may help you make a decision can be found in other sections of the document. Taking part in research at the NIH is your choice.

You are being asked to take part in this study because you have small cell lung cancer or small cell cancer outside your lungs. You may also be asked to participate in the first part of the study only (see description below), if you have a solid tumor.

The purpose of this study is to find safe combination of PLX038 and rucaparib and see if this combination will cause your tumors to shrink.

The use of PLX038 in this study is considered investigational which means it has not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat cancer. However, the FDA has given us permission to use PLX038 in this study. PLX038 works by blocking a protein, called topoisomerase I. Cells need this protein to divide and grow. PLX038 blocks this protein so the cancer cells can't divide and grow.

Rucaparib has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in some cancers found primarily in women; however, it is not approved for small cell cancers. Rucaparib belongs to group of drugs called PARP inhibitors that target and block several pathways needed for cancer cells to grow and cause cancer cell to die.

There are other standard of care drugs and/or procedures that may be used to treat your disease, and these can be given to you by your regular cancer doctor if you are not in this study. For example:  there  is  chemotherapy  and  radiation  therapy.  You  may  also  participate  in  another clinical trial either at the Clinical Center (CC) or another institution. The treatment given in this study and the known possible side effects may or may not be significantly different than if you were to receive standard care or being in another clinical trial. For example: chemotherapy and








radiation therapy cause fatigue, hair loss, bruising and bleeding, infection, low blood cell counts. Immune checkpoint  inhibitors  may  cause  inflammation  of  the  lung,  intestines  or  liver,  and kidney, heart, or problems of the nervous system. Any of these treatments can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and rash.

PLX038 and rucaparib have similar side effects to those listed above: low blood cell counts, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, rash, changes in kidney and liver function blood tests.

If you become pregnant, there may be unknown risks to the fetus or unborn child, or risks that we did not anticipate. There may be long-term effects of the treatment being studied that could increase the risk of harm to a fetus. If you are capable of becoming pregnant, you will need to use appropriate contraception (hormonal or barrier method of birth control; abstinence) prior to study entry, for the duration of study treatment and up to 6 months after the last dose of the study drug (s). You must tell the study doctor if your birth control method fails while you are in the study.  If  you  think  or  know  you  have  become  pregnant  during  the  restricted  period,  please contact the research team member as soon as possible.

If you decide to join this study, here are some of the most important things that you should know that will happen:

-  First,  we will perform tests to find out if you fit the study requirements. We will do standard blood tests and scans to test your health and see the status of your disease.
-  In the first part of the study, called phase I, we want to find out what combination of PLX038 and rucaparib is safe to use. This safe combination will be used in the second part of the study (phase II) to determine if PLX038 and rucaparib will cause tumors to shrink. You cannot choose which part of the study to enroll in; enrollment will occur in sequential  fashion,  meaning  that  participants  will  enroll  as  they  are  screened  and determined to be eligible.
-  If you fit the study requirements and decide to take part, you will start your treatment with PLX038 and rucaparib. We will then send you home with a supply of rucaparib that you will need to take. We will need to see you at the Clinical Center every 3 weeks while you are receiving treatment. You will not generally need to stay in the hospital for this study. The only exception is possible admission for collection of blood every few hours at the beginning of treatment - on days 1, 4 and 6. Each visit should last no more than 8 hours.
-  As described above and later in more detail in this consent form, you may have side effects if you take part in this study. Some can be mild or very serious, temporary, longlasting,  or  permanent,  and  may  include  death.  You  will  be  seen  regularly  during  the study. You will have clinical, laboratory, and imaging tests to see how you are doing and see how your disease is responding. We will also collect required samples from you (such as: blood, tumor tissues and hair) for both clinical and research purposes.
-  After the study treatment has ended we would like to see you in the Clinical Center approximately one month later to check on your health. After that we are planning to contact you by phone or e-mail to learn about your health status, and to see how you are doing, for the rest of your life or until the study is stopped. If you stop treatment for









reasons other than worsening of your disease, we will continue to invite you for imaging studies approximately every 9 weeks until worsening of your disease. You can have these studies at home institution and send us the results.

This study may benefit you by shrinking of your tumor or lessening of your symptoms, such as pain, that are caused by the cancer. Even if you do not benefit from this study, the results from our research will help others in the future.

You are free to stop taking part in the trial at any time. If you decide to stop, the study doctor may ask you to agree to certain tests to make sure it is safe for you to stop.

The  remaining  document  will  now  describe  more  about  the  research  study.  This  information should be considered before you make your choice. Members of the study team will talk with you about the information described in this document. Some people have personal, religious, or ethical beliefs that may limit the kinds of medical or research treatments they would want to receive (such as blood transfusions). Take the time needed to ask any questions and discuss this study with NIH staff, and with your family, friends, and personal health care providers.
