## WHAT WILL HAPPEN DURING THE STUDY?

For both phase I and Phase II, PLX038 will be administered to you by IV (through an intravenous catheter, a small plastic tube that is put into a vein, usually in your arm) on Day 1 of each cycle (1 Cycle = 21 days).








You will take rucaparib by mouth on Day 6 of Cycle 1 and continue for 14 days with the last doses on Day 19 followed by seven days without rucaparib treatment. You will continue this schedule of rucaparib dosing on days 6-19 of every 21 days cycle. If we have to shorten or lengthen the cycle for any reason, we will instruct you further on when to stop taking rucaparib.

Rucaparib should be taken 2 times a day. Try to space your doses out evenly throughout the day, so ideally, take a dose at 8 am and 8 pm. You may take the tablets with or without food. If you need to take your rucaparib earlier than scheduled or you missed a dose, you can take it in the time period of +/- 2 hours of the scheduled time. If you vomit after taking rucaparib, please, do not immediately take another tablet. You should simply proceed with next dose as scheduled.

If you have nausea or vomiting caused by rucaparib, we will give you ondansetron to prevent it. You will need to take ondansetron by mouth with small meal or snack approximately 30 minutes prior to each dose of rucaparib.

During each cycle, you will be given growth colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) at least 72 hours after PLX038 administration. G-CSF is a medication that stimulates the production of blood cells. This will help prevent and/or treat low white blood cells which is usually a risk associated with cancer treatment.

You will be given a Medication Diary to complete for each cycle. In the diary, you will be asked to record the date and time of each dose of rucaparib. You will also be asked to record missed doses. Please bring the diary with you at every study visit.

At each visit, please also bring empty bottles and any unused medication you may have.

Rucaparib may increase your sensitivity to sunlight. You should take all of the usual sun protection precautions  when  going  outside.  It  is  advised  that  you  avoid  excessive  sun  exposure,  wear protective clothing (including wearing a hat and sunglasses), and use sunscreens regularly (sun protection factor 50 or greater).

If your doctor is convinced that you have unacceptable side effects caused by one of treatment drugs, this drug will be stopped, and you may continue treatment with the other drug if your study doctor finds that it is in your interest. Treatment will continue until you have unacceptable side effects (both drugs) or you are no longer benefiting from the study therapy.

Treatment and all study related procedures will be done during outpatient visits without planned hospitalization.  However,  we  might  still  choose  to  keep  your  overnight  if  needed  for  blood collection and other situations that arise.
