Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine the safety and effectiveness of combining two drugs, grapiprant (IK-007) and eribulin, for treating metastatic inflammatory breast cancer (mIBC) – cancer that has spread. Participation is voluntary, and you can stop at any time without penalty. Before joining, you’ll undergo tests like blood draws, scans, and potentially a biopsy to check your eligibility. If eligible, you’ll receive the study drugs over cycles, with regular check-ups to monitor your health. Potential risks include side effects like fatigue, nausea, low blood counts, and heart or liver problems; the full list is available for review. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the study could help future patients. Grapiprant will be provided at no cost, but you’ll be responsible for eribulin costs, potentially covered by insurance. You may receive up to $600 in reimbursement for travel expenses. Your personal information will be kept confidential, and data/samples may be used for future research, though you can request they not be. If you experience an injury directly related to the study, standard medical care will be billed as usual. Contact Dr. Sadia Saleem at 281-566-1900 or the MD Anderson IRB at 713-792-6477 with questions.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## STUDY SUMMARY

The goal of this clinical research study is to learn about the safety and effects of the combination of 2 different study drugs, grapiprant (also called IK-007) and eribulin, when given to patients with metastatic inflammatory breast cancer (mIBC). Metastatic means it has spread to other parts of the body.

This is an investigational study. Grapiprant is not FDA approved or commercially available. It is currently being used for research purposes only. Eribulin is FDA approved and commercially available for the treatment of mIBC. It is considered investigational to give eribulin and grapiprant together to treat mIBC.

The study doctor can explain how the study drugs are designed to work.

The study drugs may help to control the disease. Future patients may benefit from what is learned. There may be no benefits for you in this study.

Your participation is completely voluntary. Before choosing to take part in this study, you should discuss with the study team any concerns you may have, including side effects, potential expenses, and time commitment.

You can read a full list of potential side effects below in the Possible Risks section of this consent.

You may receive the study drugs until the disease gets worse or the study doctor thinks that it is no longer in your best interest. After that, you will be in follow-up for up 5 years. You will no longer be able to take the study drugs if the disease gets worse, if intolerable side effects occur, or if you are unable to follow study directions.

Grapiprant will be provided at no cost to you while you are on study. You and/or your insurance provider will be responsible for the costs of eribulin.

You may choose not to take part in this study. Instead of taking part in this study, you may choose to receive standard chemotherapy, hormonal therapy, targeted therapy, or combination of these drugs if appropriate. The study doctor will discuss the possible risks and benefits of these treatments. You may choose to receive other investigational therapy, if available.  You may choose not to have treatment for cancer at all.  In all cases, you will receive appropriate medical care, including treatment for pain and other symptoms of cancer.
