Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT ABOUT CONFIDENTIALITY?

We will keep your participation in this research study confidential to the extent permitted by law.
However, it is possible that other people such as those indicated below may become aware of your
participation in this study and may inspect and copy records pertaining to this research. Some of these
records could contain information that personally identifies you.

  - federal government regulatory agencies,

  - the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

  - Biocompatibles UK Ltd, a BTG International Group Company

  - AstraZeneca, the company providing durvalumab

  - auditing departments of the University of Iowa, and

  - the University of Iowa Institutional Review Board (a committee that reviews and approves
research studies)

To help protect your confidentiality, we will keep study documents and binders in locked offices.
Electronic information will be stored n password-protected computers. Where feasible, we will use a
research ID to minimize using your name. All printed documents are stored in a locked office at the
hospital. Any blood samples that we take for research testing are dated and named using your research
ID. They are also stored at the University in a locked room. If we write a report or article about this
study or share the study data set with others, we will do so in such a way that you cannot be directly
identified.

The University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics generally requires that we document your participation in
research occurring in a University of Iowa Health Care facility. This documentation will be in either
your medical record or a database maintained on behalf of the institution reflecting that you are




participating in this study. The information included will provide contact information for the research
team as well as information about the risks associated with this study. We will keep this Informed
Consent Document in our research files; it will not be placed in your medical record chart.

[A description of this clinical trial will be available on http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov, as required by U.S.](http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/)
Law. A copy of the informed consent document will be available on this website. This website will not
include information that can identify you. At most, the website will include a summary of the results.
You can search this website at any time.

A version of the informed consent document will be available on the website, Regulations.gov (Docket
ID: HHS-OPHS-2018-0021), as required by U.S. Law. The informed consent document will not include
information that can identify you. You can search this website at any time.



