Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to learn more about combining immunotherapy – a treatment to help your body fight cancer – with a type of radiation treatment called yttrium-90 radioembolization (Y90-RE) for colorectal cancer that has spread to the liver. Approximately 18 people at the University of Iowa will participate over about 2 years, receiving durvalumab immunotherapy alongside Y90-RE. You’ll have clinic visits and treatments over up to 10 weeks, each lasting 4-6 hours, and a tumor biopsy may be taken. Potential risks include side effects from the treatments, like skin changes or fatigue, and the possibility of unknown risks. While there’s no guarantee of benefit, the study hopes to improve future treatments. You can choose to stop participating at any time without penalty. Your health information will be kept confidential, but may be shared with regulatory agencies and study sponsors. Medical care for any study-related injury will be available, but you’ll generally be responsible for standard medical costs. Participation is voluntary, and you’ll receive no payment, but the study covers the cost of the immunotherapy drug and investigational device. If significant new findings emerge, you will be informed. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Chandrikha Chandrasekharan at (319) 356-2425 or the Human Subjects Office at (319) 335-6564.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT ABOUT CONFIDENTIALITY?

We will keep your participation in this research study confidential to the extent permitted by law.
However, it is possible that other people such as those indicated below may become aware of your
participation in this study and may inspect and copy records pertaining to this research. Some of these
records could contain information that personally identifies you.

  - federal government regulatory agencies,

  - the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

  - Biocompatibles UK Ltd, a BTG International Group Company

  - AstraZeneca, the company providing durvalumab

  - auditing departments of the University of Iowa, and

  - the University of Iowa Institutional Review Board (a committee that reviews and approves
research studies)

To help protect your confidentiality, we will keep study documents and binders in locked offices.
Electronic information will be stored n password-protected computers. Where feasible, we will use a
research ID to minimize using your name. All printed documents are stored in a locked office at the
hospital. Any blood samples that we take for research testing are dated and named using your research
ID. They are also stored at the University in a locked room. If we write a report or article about this
study or share the study data set with others, we will do so in such a way that you cannot be directly
identified.

The University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics generally requires that we document your participation in
research occurring in a University of Iowa Health Care facility. This documentation will be in either
your medical record or a database maintained on behalf of the institution reflecting that you are




participating in this study. The information included will provide contact information for the research
team as well as information about the risks associated with this study. We will keep this Informed
Consent Document in our research files; it will not be placed in your medical record chart.

[A description of this clinical trial will be available on http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov, as required by U.S.](http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/)
Law. A copy of the informed consent document will be available on this website. This website will not
include information that can identify you. At most, the website will include a summary of the results.
You can search this website at any time.

A version of the informed consent document will be available on the website, Regulations.gov (Docket
ID: HHS-OPHS-2018-0021), as required by U.S. Law. The informed consent document will not include
information that can identify you. You can search this website at any time.



