## KEY INFORMATION ABOUT THIS RESEARCH

This consent form describes a research study and is designed to help you decide if you would like to be a part of the research study.

You are being asked to take part in a research study at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This section provides the information we believe is most helpful and important to you in making your decision about participating in this study. Additional information that may help you make a decision can be found in other sections of the document. Taking part in research at the NIH is your choice.

You are being asked to take part in this study because you had EGFR-mutated non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) that was treated and now transformed to small cell lung carcinoma or another neuroendocrine tumor.

The purpose of this study is to see if combination of durvalumab and olaparib will cause your tumors to shrink.

The use of durvalumab and olaparib in this study is considered investigational which means this combination has not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to treat small cell lung carcinoma or other neuroendocrine tumors. However, the FDA has given us permission to use durvalumab and olaparib in this study.

Durvalumab has been approved by FDA to treat non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and other cancers. Durvalumab is designed to boost the body's immune system by targeting a protein on tumor cells called PD-L1. PD-L1 usually helps the immune system work properly. In cancer, PD-L1 helps tumors avoid being seen and destroyed by the immune system. Durvalumab may increase the immune system's ability to find and destroy cancer cells.

Olaparib has been approved by FDA to treat other cancers besides the one that we are studying. Olaparib  belongs  to  group  of  drugs  called  PARP  inhibitors  that  target  and  block  several pathways needed for cancer cells to grow and cause cancer cells to die.











There are other standard of care drugs and/or procedures that may be used to treat your disease, and these can be given to you by your regular cancer doctor if you are not in this study. For example:  there  is  chemotherapy  and  radiation  therapy.  You  can  also  participate  in  another clinical  trial  using  drugs  called  immune  checkpoint  inhibitors  (such  as  cabozantinib  or pembrolizumab). The treatment given in this study and the known possible side effects may or may not be significantly different than if you were to receive standard care or taking part in another clinical trial. For example: chemotherapy and radiation therapy cause fatigue, hair loss, bruising and bleeding, infection, low blood cell counts. Immune checkpoint inhibitors may cause inflammation of the lung,  intestines  or  liver,  and  kidney,  heart,  or  problems  of  the  nervous system. Any of these treatments can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and rash.

The study drug durvalumab is a checkpoint inhibitor and has similar side effects to those listed above. The most common side effects of the other study drug, olaparib, include low blood cell counts, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and infections.

If you decide to join this study, here are some of the most important things that you should know that will happen:

-  First,  we will perform tests to find out if you fit the study requirements. We will do standard blood and urine tests and scans to test your health and see the status of your disease. These tests may be done under a separate protocol or on the study. We may also collect records from your outside physicians.
-  If you fit the study requirements and decide to take part, you will start your treatment with durvalumab and olaparib. We will then send you home with a supply of olaparib that you will need to take. We will need to see you at the Clinical Center every 4 weeks while you are receiving treatment. There is one additional visit after 2 first weeks on treatment. You will not need to stay in the hospital for this study. Each visit should last no more than 8 hours.
-  As described above and later in more detail in this consent form, you may have side effects if you take part in this study. Some can be mild or very serious, temporary, longlasting,  or  permanent,  and  may  include  death.  You  will  be  seen  regularly  during  the study. You will have clinical, laboratory, and imaging tests to see how you are doing and see how your disease is responding. We will also collect samples from you (such as: blood and tumor tissues) for both clinical and research purposes. Some of the samples are required and some are optional.
-  After the study treatment has ended we would like to see you in the Clinical Center approximately one month later to check on your health. After that we are planning to contact you by phone or e-mail to learn about your health status, and to see how you are doing, for the rest of your life or until the study is stopped. If you stop treatment for reasons other than worsening of your disease, we will continue to invite you for imaging studies approximately every 8 weeks until worsening of your disease. You can have these studies at home institution and send us the results.









This study may benefit you by shrinking your tumor or lessening your symptoms, such as pain, that are caused by the cancer. Even if you do not benefit from this study, the results from our research will help others in the future.

You are free to stop taking part in the trial at any time. If you decide to stop, the study doctor may ask you to agree to certain tests to make sure it is safe for you to stop.

The  remaining  document  will  now  describe  more  about  the  research  study.  This  information should be considered before you make your choice. Members of the study team will talk with you about the information described in this document. Some people have personal, religious, or ethical beliefs that may limit the kinds of medical or research treatments they would want to receive (such as blood transfusions). Take the time needed to ask any questions and discuss this study with NIH staff, and with your family, friends, and personal health care providers.
