Here's a summary of the clinical trial in a paragraph style:

You are being asked to participate in a research study at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to see if a combination of durvalumab and olaparib can cause your tumors to shrink. The study is for people with EGFR-mutated non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) that has transformed to small cell lung carcinoma or another neuroendocrine tumor. You will receive the study drugs durvalumab and olaparib, and we will collect samples from you for research purposes. The study may benefit you by shrinking your tumor or lessening your symptoms. However, there are risks and discomforts associated with the study, including side effects from the study drugs, such as diarrhea, rash, and fatigue. You will be asked to provide documentation to confirm your diagnosis, and you will undergo regular physical exams, blood and urine tests, and imaging scans. You will also be asked to provide samples of your tumors from previous surgeries or biopsies if available. The study will last for about 28 days, and you will need to come for study treatments every 28 days until your disease gets worse or you have unacceptable side effects. You can stop taking part in the study at any time, and you will not lose any benefits to which you are otherwise entitled. The study team will provide additional information on what methods may be used for birth control during the study, and you will need to use one highly effective birth control method and your partner will need to use a male condom or practice total/true abstinence throughout the study treatment and for at least 6 months after last dose of study drugs. Your specimens and data may be stored by the NIH indefinitely, and you may be asked to participate in future research studies. You will not receive compensation for participation in this study, but the NIH will cover the cost for some of your expenses, and you will be reimbursed after you have paid. Your medical information will be kept private, and the NIH follows applicable laws and policies to keep your identifying information private to the extent possible. The NIH has received a Certificate of Confidentiality to protect your privacy, and the information collected for this study is protected by the Privacy Act.

## WHAT WILL HAPPEN DURING THE STUDY?

Durvalumab will be administered to you by IV (through an intravenous catheter, a small plastic tube that is put into a vein, usually in your arm) on Day 1 of each cycle (1 Cycle = 28 days).

You will take olaparib by mouth every day of every cycle.











Olaparib should be taken 2 times a day. Try to space your doses out evenly throughout the day, so ideally, take a dose at 8 am and 8 pm with approximately 1 cup (240 mL) of water. You may take the tablets with a light meal/snack (i.e. 2 pieces of toast or a couple of crackers). If you need to take your olaparib earlier than scheduled or you missed a dose, you can take it in the time period of +/- 2 hours of the scheduled time. If you vomit after taking olaparib, please, do not immediately take  another  tablet  unless  the  tablet  is  visible.  You  should  simply  proceed  with  next  dose  as scheduled.

If you have nausea or vomiting caused by olaparib, we will give you ondansetron to prevent or decrease the nausea and vomiting. You will need to take ondansetron by mouth with small meal or snack approximately 30 minutes prior to each dose of olaparib.

You will be given a Medication Diary to complete for each cycle. In the diary, you will be asked to record the date and time of each dose of olaparib. You will also be asked to record missed doses. Please bring the diary with you to every study visit.

At each visit, please also bring all empty bottles and any unused medication you may have.

If your doctor is convinced that you have unacceptable side effects caused by one of treatment drugs, this drug will be stopped, and you may continue treatment with the other drug if your study doctor finds that it is in your interest. Treatment will continue until you have unacceptable side effects (both drugs) or you are no longer benefiting from the study therapy.

Treatment and all study related procedures will be done during outpatient visits without planned hospitalization. However, we might still choose to keep your overnight if needed for biopsy and other situations that arise.
