Here's a summary of the clinical trial in a paragraph style:

You are being asked to participate in a research study at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to see if a combination of durvalumab and olaparib can cause your tumors to shrink. The study is for people with EGFR-mutated non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) that has transformed to small cell lung carcinoma or another neuroendocrine tumor. You will receive the study drugs durvalumab and olaparib, and we will collect samples from you for research purposes. The study may benefit you by shrinking your tumor or lessening your symptoms. However, there are risks and discomforts associated with the study, including side effects from the study drugs, such as diarrhea, rash, and fatigue. You will be asked to provide documentation to confirm your diagnosis, and you will undergo regular physical exams, blood and urine tests, and imaging scans. You will also be asked to provide samples of your tumors from previous surgeries or biopsies if available. The study will last for about 28 days, and you will need to come for study treatments every 28 days until your disease gets worse or you have unacceptable side effects. You can stop taking part in the study at any time, and you will not lose any benefits to which you are otherwise entitled. The study team will provide additional information on what methods may be used for birth control during the study, and you will need to use one highly effective birth control method and your partner will need to use a male condom or practice total/true abstinence throughout the study treatment and for at least 6 months after last dose of study drugs. Your specimens and data may be stored by the NIH indefinitely, and you may be asked to participate in future research studies. You will not receive compensation for participation in this study, but the NIH will cover the cost for some of your expenses, and you will be reimbursed after you have paid. Your medical information will be kept private, and the NIH follows applicable laws and policies to keep your identifying information private to the extent possible. The NIH has received a Certificate of Confidentiality to protect your privacy, and the information collected for this study is protected by the Privacy Act.