Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to provide access to a special imaging scan, called a 68 Ga-PSMA-11 PET/CT scan, for patients being considered for prostate cancer treatment. You’re being asked to participate because your doctors are evaluating you for a specific therapy. The study involves having one scan, which takes about 2-3 hours, and exposes you to a small amount of radiation with a low risk of harmful effects. Common side effects may include nausea, diarrhea, or dizziness. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the scan could help determine if you’re a good candidate for treatment. You can choose to stop participating at any time without penalty. Your privacy is protected through coded information, and while data may be used for future research, your identity will remain confidential. Mayo Clinic will cover costs for injuries directly related to the study, beyond what your insurance covers. Participation is voluntary, and you can contact Dr. Geoffrey Johnson at 507-284-4104 or Amber Stephan at 507-266-2927 with questions. You won’t be paid for participating, but won’t have to pay for the scan itself.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## What will happen to you while you are in this research study?

The PET/CT scan will be done in the Charlton Building. This appointment will last approximately 2-3 hours, including reporting to the location where imaging will be performed 30 minutes prior to the time you will receive an intravenous (IV) injection of 68Ga-PSMA-11, 60 minutes of time to wait for 68 Ga-PSMA-11 to go to sites where cancer may be hiding in your body, and 30 minutes for the scanning in the PET/CT scanner. You do not have fast for this appointment.

You will be led to an uptake room where an intravenous catheter (IV) will be placed in a vein in your arm. This catheter will be used to inject 68 Ga-PSMA-11, a radioactive imaging agent designed to specifically attach itself to the PSMA protein on prostate cancer cells. After the imaging agent is injected, you will be asked to sit and relax quietly for approximately 60 minutes to allow the drug to circulate in your body.








Next, a technologist will lead you to the PET/CT scanner. You will be positioned on the scanner bed on your back with your hands above your head or at your sides. The technologist will then begin the 30-minute PET/CT scan. During this scan, it is important to stay as still as possible.

The scan report and images will be available in your medical record.

After the PET/CT scan, you will continue on with your routine clinical care as advised by your treating physician.
