Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to understand how a new drug, called a radiotracer, moves through the body and attaches to cells, using a special camera called a PET Scanner. You are invited to participate if you are either healthy or have been diagnosed with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and are starting immunotherapy treatment. Participation involves 3-5 visits lasting 4-7 hours total, with up to 8 people participating at UC Davis. You will receive a PET/CT scan, and those with NSCLC may have a second scan after starting treatment. While there’s no direct benefit to you, the study may help future cancer patients. Risks include potential anxiety from the scanner, possible incidental findings requiring follow-up, and minor injection-related discomfort. Your participation is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without penalty. Your privacy will be protected, and your medical records will be kept confidential. You will be compensated $100 per scan, and medical care is available if you are injured during the study. Contact Simon R. Cherry, Ph.D., or Megan Daly, MD, at 916-731-9004 with questions, or the IRB at (916) 703-9151 if you have concerns about your rights. There is no cost to you for the research scans themselves, but you’ll be responsible for expenses like transportation.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Is there anyway being in this study could be bad for me?

There are risks to participating in this research.  The study doctor and study team will monitor you to see if you are experiencing any harm related to your participation.  If you experience any pain or discomfort, you must inform the study team as soon as possible. Injection Risks: bruising or infection at the site of the injection Radiation Risks: This study involves a radiation exposure that is typical of other diagnostic tests using ionizing radiation. The amount of radiation exposure received in this study is below the levels that are thought to result in a significant risk of harmful effects.



APPROVED by the Institutional Review Board at the University of California, Davis





To minimize radiation exposure to your bladder, you should drink at least an 8 oz glass of water before injection with the radiotracer and after your PET/CT scans. To help protect yourself and others, you should flush the toilet several times after each use for 12 hours after injection with the radiotracer. You should also wash your hands after each use of the bathroom. If your blood, urine, or feces comes in contact with your clothing, you should wash them separately than other clothes. Scan Risks: Due to the (up to) 90-minute long scan time, you may feel discomfort and/or fatigue from laying on the scanner table.  You may also experience claustrophobia from being inside the scanner because it is a partially enclosed space. There is the possibility that the scan will reveal some suspicious findings or findings of unknown cause requiring further medical follow-up.  This medical follow-up may include doctor's visits, more scans or surgery, with all the potential risks associated with these procedures.  These risks may vary from minor risks to serious risks such as death or permanent disabilities. Privacy Risks: As with all research, there is a chance that confidentiality could be compromised. To minimize the risks of breach of confidentiality, we will not include any information that directly identifies you on the specimens and information we collect, and on the data resulting from the research.
