Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to understand how a new drug, called a radiotracer, moves through the body and attaches to cells, using a special camera called a PET Scanner. You are invited to participate if you are either healthy or have been diagnosed with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and are starting immunotherapy treatment. Participation involves 3-5 visits lasting 4-7 hours total, with up to 8 people participating at UC Davis. You will receive a PET/CT scan, and those with NSCLC may have a second scan after starting treatment. While there’s no direct benefit to you, the study may help future cancer patients. Risks include potential anxiety from the scanner, possible incidental findings requiring follow-up, and minor injection-related discomfort. Your participation is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without penalty. Your privacy will be protected, and your medical records will be kept confidential. You will be compensated $100 per scan, and medical care is available if you are injured during the study. Contact Simon R. Cherry, Ph.D., or Megan Daly, MD, at 916-731-9004 with questions, or the IRB at (916) 703-9151 if you have concerns about your rights. There is no cost to you for the research scans themselves, but you’ll be responsible for expenses like transportation.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Key Information about This Research Study

You are invited to participate in a research study. The purpose of this research is to see how a new drug, called a 'radiotracer', enters and leaves the blood and tissues over time.  This radiotracer attaches to immune cells and shines a light that can be seen using a special camera called a Positron Emission Tomography Scanner (PET Scanner). You are invited to be in this study because you are either a healthy participant or you are a participant that has been diagnosed with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and will be starting treatment with a type of therapy called immunotherapy. Your participation in this research will involve 3 visits if you are a healthy participant and will last about 4-5 hours.  If you are a participant with NSCLC, your participation will involve 4-5 visits (depending on your preference) and will last about 5-7 hours.  We expect up to 8 people (2-4 with NSCLC and 2-4 healthy participants) at UC Davis will join and participate in this research.

Participation in this study will involve getting a PET/CT Scan using a total-body PET/CT scanner called the EXPLORER.  The total-body PET/CT scanner is the first FDA-cleared medical scanner to be able to scan the entire human body all at the same time.  If you are a healthy participant, you will get one PET scan and will be asked about your health 7 days after the scan.  If you have a diagnosis of NSCLC, you will get one PET scan before you start immunotherapy and you will have the option to get a second PET scan after starting immunotherapy. Participants with NSCLC will also be asked about their health 7 days after their last scan.  All research studies involve some risk.  These risks are described in detail later in this document. There is not the possibility that you may benefit from participation in this study.


APPROVED by the Institutional Review Board at the University of California, Davis





Here are some reasons you may not want to participate in this research: the research study visits could last up to 5 hours for healthy participants and up to 7 hours for those diagnosed with NSCLC.  For some people, lying inside the scanners may cause fear or anxiety due to the confined space.  Also, the scan may reveal suspicious findings and/or findings of unclear cause which may need further follow-up procedures.  Medical follow-up may include doctor's visits, more scans or surgery, and may expose you to additional risks from the follow-up procedures. Your participation in this study is voluntary. You do not have to participate in this study if you do not want to. There may be other choices available to you. You will not lose any services, benefits, or rights you would normally have if you choose not to participate. The remainder of this form contains a more complete description of this study. Please read this description carefully. You can ask any questions you need to help decide whether or not to join this study. Information to help you understand research is online at http://www.research.ucdavis.edu/policiescompliance/irb-admin/for-research-participants.
