Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new drug called bomedemstat, combined with a standard immunotherapy drug, atezolizumab, for patients newly diagnosed with extensive stage Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). About 34 patients will participate over 24 months. The goal is to learn if this drug combination is safe and how well patients tolerate it. If you join, you’ll receive bomedemstat capsules daily, along with atezolizumab infusions, and will undergo regular tests like blood draws, physical exams, and scans. Potential side effects include low blood cell counts, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, and more serious issues like infections or heart problems; the full list is detailed in the consent form. You may not directly benefit, but your participation could help others with SCLC. You have the right to stop participating at any time without penalty, and your medical care won't be affected. Your medical information will be kept confidential, and participation is voluntary. There is no cost to you for the study drug, but you’ll be responsible for costs related to standard care. If you are injured during the study, standard medical care will be provided, but compensation for other losses isn’t guaranteed. You can contact the study team at 206-606-2190 or for emergencies, call 206-598-6190. Your leftover tissue samples and genetic information may be used for future research, with your consent.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Important things to know about this study


You are being asked to participate in this clinical research study because you have Small

Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). We are looking to enroll approximately 34 patients over the


duration of this study expected to last 24 months.


Research is not the same as treatment or medical care. The purpose of a research study

is to answer scientific questions.


Your participation in this study is voluntary, which means you can choose whether you

want to participate. If you decide to participate and later change your mind, you are free

to stop participation at any time. This consent form was created to help explain to you

the nature of the study and if you choose to participate, it will be used to document your

agreement to be part of this study.


Please read the following informed consent form to learn about what will happen if you

agree to take part in this research study. This consent form may contain some words

that you do not understand. Please ask your study doctor or someone from the study

staff to explain any words or information that you do not clearly understand. This consent

form will give you detailed information about this study. Please ask the study staff as





many questions as you need before you decide if you want to be in the study. You may


also want to take home an unsigned copy of this consent form to discuss this study with

friends and family before making your decision.


We do not know if bomedemstat will help you, and it could even make your

condition/disease worse. Bomedemstat could cause side effects such as those

described below in this form.


You can choose to receive standard methods for your disease instead of participating in

this study. We will give you details about the purposes, procedures, risks and possible

benefits related to this study. We will explain other choices that you have. We will also


give you any other information that you need to make an informed decision about joining


this study.


After you are sure that you clearly understand the risks and benefits of taking part in this

study, if you choose to take part in the study, you will be asked to sign this consent form.

You should not sign this consent form if you have any questions that have not been

answered. By signing this consent form, you are confirming that the study has been

explained to you, and that you give your permission to be a part of the study.


Following is a more complete description of this study. Please read this description


carefully. You can ask any questions you want to help you decide whether to join the

study. If you join this study, we will give you a signed copy of this form to keep for future

reference.

