Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new drug called bomedemstat, combined with a standard immunotherapy drug, atezolizumab, for patients newly diagnosed with extensive stage Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). About 34 patients will participate over 24 months. The goal is to learn if this drug combination is safe and how well patients tolerate it. If you join, you’ll receive bomedemstat capsules daily, along with atezolizumab infusions, and will undergo regular tests like blood draws, physical exams, and scans. Potential side effects include low blood cell counts, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, and more serious issues like infections or heart problems; the full list is detailed in the consent form. You may not directly benefit, but your participation could help others with SCLC. You have the right to stop participating at any time without penalty, and your medical care won't be affected. Your medical information will be kept confidential, and participation is voluntary. There is no cost to you for the study drug, but you’ll be responsible for costs related to standard care. If you are injured during the study, standard medical care will be provided, but compensation for other losses isn’t guaranteed. You can contact the study team at 206-606-2190 or for emergencies, call 206-598-6190. Your leftover tissue samples and genetic information may be used for future research, with your consent.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## What if you get sick or hurt after you join this study?


For a life-threatening problem, call 911 right away or seek help immediately. Contact your


study doctor when the medical emergency is over or as soon as you can.


If you are injured or hurt as a result of taking part in this investigational study and need


medical treatment, please tell your doctor and medical care will be provided to you. The


costs of medical treatment will be billed to you or your insurance company. Your


insurance company may not be willing to pay for the investigational study related injury.


If you have no insurance, you will be responsible for any costs. If you feel this injury was


a result of medical error, you keep all your legal rights to receive payment for this even


though you are participating in an investigational study.


To help avoid injury, it is very important to follow all directions.


We will bill you and your insurer for treatment of problems that result from your disease


or standard clinical care.


No money has been set aside to pay for things like lost wages, lost time, or pain. However,


you do not waive any rights by signing this consent form. The above statements do not


limit your legal rights. You still have the right to make a claim through the legal system


even if you sign this consent form. By signing this consent form, you have not given up


any of your legal rights to seek compensation.

