Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new drug called bomedemstat, combined with a standard immunotherapy drug, atezolizumab, for patients newly diagnosed with extensive stage Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). About 34 patients will participate over 24 months. The goal is to learn if this drug combination is safe and how well patients tolerate it. If you join, you’ll receive bomedemstat capsules daily, along with atezolizumab infusions, and will undergo regular tests like blood draws, physical exams, and scans. Potential side effects include low blood cell counts, nausea, diarrhea, fatigue, and more serious issues like infections or heart problems; the full list is detailed in the consent form. You may not directly benefit, but your participation could help others with SCLC. You have the right to stop participating at any time without penalty, and your medical care won't be affected. Your medical information will be kept confidential, and participation is voluntary. There is no cost to you for the study drug, but you’ll be responsible for costs related to standard care. If you are injured during the study, standard medical care will be provided, but compensation for other losses isn’t guaranteed. You can contact the study team at 206-606-2190 or for emergencies, call 206-598-6190. Your leftover tissue samples and genetic information may be used for future research, with your consent.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Confidentiality and Protecting Privacy of Personal Information


The following information explains how your medical and health records may be used and


disclosed. We will make every effort to keep your records private.


If you consent to this study, information about your participation would be made part of


your permanent medical record. This information would include a copy of this consent


form. If an insurance company or employer or anyone else were authorized to see your


medical record, they would see a copy of this consent form


If you join this study, some people or organizations might need to look at your medical


records and research records for quality assurance or data analysis.


They include:


   - Imago BioSciences (the drug manufacturer) and their agents

    - Physicians and staff involved with this treatment.


`o` Institutional Review Boards (IRB), including the Fred Hutchinson Cancer


Center IRB. An IRB is a group that reviews the study to protect the rights


and welfare of research participants.





   - Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, University of Washington.

   - Office for Human Research Protections, Food and Drug Administration,


NIH/NCI and other regulatory agencies as required.


The results of the study may be published in a medical book or journal or presented at


meetings for educational purposes. If the results of this study are published, you will not


be personally identified, and your identity will not be disclosed. During that time, results


will be kept confidential to the extent permitted by law. Your participation in this study will


be noted in your UW medical record.


This research is covered by a Certificate of Confidentiality from the U.S. government. This


Certificate helps protect the confidentiality of information about people who join this study.


If you join the study, the Certificate means that generally we would not have to give out


identifying information about you even if we were asked to by a court of law. We would


use the Certificate to resist any demands for identifying information.


We could not use the Certificate to withhold research information if you give written


consent to give it to an insurer, employer, or other person.


This protection has some limits. We would voluntarily provide the information:


    - To a member of the federal government who needs it in order to audit or


evaluate the research.

    - To the funding agency and groups involved in the research, if they need the


information to make sure the research is being done correctly.

    - To the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA), if required by the FDA.

    - To someone who is accused of a crime, if he or she believes that our research


records could be used for defense.

    - To authorities, if we learn of child abuse, elder abuse, or if participants might


harm themselves or others.





