Consent Form Summary:

This research study, called ‘LiveWell’, is testing a skills training program to help people living with advanced lung cancer cope with difficult emotions and symptoms like fatigue, pain, and breathlessness. About 30 participants will be involved, and you’re being asked to participate because you have advanced lung cancer. If you join, you’ll complete three assessments and eight one-on-one training sessions – either in person or through video conferencing – over approximately 12 weeks, learning coping skills from a therapy called dialectical behavioral therapy. While there’s no direct medical benefit, you may feel better equipped to manage your symptoms. Participation involves a small risk of feeling increased distress from session topics or surveys. Your information will be kept confidential, and you'll be compensated up to $150 for your time. You are free to withdraw at any time without penalty, and medical care for any study-related injury is available. If you have questions, contact Tamara Somers, PhD at 919-416-3408 or the Duke University IRB at (919) 668-5111. There are no costs to you for participating, and the study may be terminated if new risks are discovered or if the program isn't showing positive results.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT ABOUT MY RIGHTS TO DECLINE PARTICIPATION OR WITHDRAW FROM THE STUDY?

You may choose not to be in the study, or, if you agree to be in the study, you may withdraw from the study at any time. If you withdraw from the study, no new data about you will be collected for study purposes other than data needed to keep track of your withdrawal.

Your decision not to participate or to withdraw from the study will not involve any penalty or loss of benefits to which you are entitled, and will not affect your access to health care at Duke. Nonparticipation or withdrawal from this study will not affect your job status if you are a Duke employee and will not affect your grades if you are a Duke student. If you do decide to withdraw, we ask that you contact Tamara Somers, PhD in writing and let her know that you are withdrawing from the









Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Skills Training for Metastatic Lung Cancer Patients study.  Her mailing address is Tamara Somers, PhD, Duke North Pavilion, 7 th  Floor, 2400 Pratt St., Durham, NC  27705.

We will tell you about new information that may affect your health, welfare, or willingness to stay in this study.

A description of this clinical trial will be available on https://clinicaltrials.gov/  as required by U.S. Law. This Web site will not include information that can identify you.  At most, the Web site will include a summary of the results.  You can search this Web site at any time.
