Consent Form Summary:

This research study, called ‘LiveWell’, is testing a skills training program to help people living with advanced lung cancer cope with difficult emotions and symptoms like fatigue, pain, and breathlessness. About 30 participants will be involved, and you’re being asked to participate because you have advanced lung cancer. If you join, you’ll complete three assessments and eight one-on-one training sessions – either in person or through video conferencing – over approximately 12 weeks, learning coping skills from a therapy called dialectical behavioral therapy. While there’s no direct medical benefit, you may feel better equipped to manage your symptoms. Participation involves a small risk of feeling increased distress from session topics or surveys. Your information will be kept confidential, and you'll be compensated up to $150 for your time. You are free to withdraw at any time without penalty, and medical care for any study-related injury is available. If you have questions, contact Tamara Somers, PhD at 919-416-3408 or the Duke University IRB at (919) 668-5111. There are no costs to you for participating, and the study may be terminated if new risks are discovered or if the program isn't showing positive results.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WILL MY INFORMATION BE KEPT CONFIDENTIAL?

Participation in research involves some loss of privacy. We will do our best to make sure that information about you is kept confidential, but we cannot guarantee total confidentiality. Your personal information may be viewed by individuals involved in this research and may be seen by people including those collaborating, funding, and regulating the study. We will share only the minimum necessary information in order to conduct the research. Your personal information may also be given out if required by law.

As part of the study, results of your study-related laboratory tests, x-rays, and procedures may be reported to the National Institutes of Health and its affiliates. In addition, your records may be reviewed in order to meet federal or state regulations. Reviewers may include representatives and affiliates of the National Institutes of Health, the Duke University Health System Institutional Review Board, and others









Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Skills Training for Metastatic Lung Cancer Patients as appropriate. If any of these groups review your research record, they may also need to review your entire medical record.

As part of this study, Tamara Somers, PhD and her study team will ask you to complete questionnaires and assessments. Results of the assessments will not be included in your medical record as these are solely for this research study and not part of your regular care.

The  Department  of  Health  and  Human  Services  (HHS)  has  issued  a  Certificate  of  Confidentiality  to further  protect  your  privacy.   With  this  Certificate,  the  investigators  may  not  disclose  research information  that  may  identify  you  in  any  Federal,  State,  or  local  civil,  criminal,  administrative, legislative, or other proceedings, unless you have consented for this use. Research information protected by this Certificate cannot be disclosed to anyone else who is not connected with the research unless:

- 1) there is a law that requires disclosure (such as to report child abuse or communicable diseases but not for legal proceedings);
- 2) you have consented to the disclosure, including for your medical treatment; or
- 3) the research information is used for other scientific research, as allowed by federal regulations protecting research subjects.

Disclosure is required, however, for audit or program evaluation requested by the agency that is funding this project or for information that is required by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

You should understand that a Confidentiality Certificate does not prevent you or a member of your family from voluntarily releasing information about yourself or your involvement in this research. If you want your research information released to an insurer, medical care provider, or any other person not connected with the research, you must provide consent to allow the researchers to release it. This means that you and your family must also actively protect your own privacy.

Finally, you should understand that the investigator is not prevented from taking steps, including reporting to authorities, to prevent serious harm to yourself or others. Under circumstances of threat for self-harm or threat of harm to others, timely and appropriate arrangements for psychiatric assessment and care can be made.

The study results will be retained in your research record for at least six years after the study is completed. At that time either the research information not already in your medical record may be destroyed or information identifying you will be removed from such study results at DUHS.  Any research information in your medical record will be kept indefinitely.

This information may be further disclosed by the sponsor of this study.  If disclosed by the sponsor, the information is no longer covered by federal privacy regulations. If this information is disclosed to outside reviewers for audit purposes, it may be further disclosed by them and may not be covered by federal privacy regulations.








Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Skills Training for Metastatic Lung Cancer Patients While the information and data resulting from this study may be presented at scientific meetings or published in a scientific journal, your name or other personal information will not be revealed.

Some people or groups who receive your health information might not have to follow the same privacy rules. Once your information is shared outside of DUHS, we cannot guarantee that it will remain private. If you decide to share private information with anyone not involved in the study, the federal law designed to protect your health information privacy may no longer apply to the information you have shared.  Other laws may or may not protect sharing of private health information.
