Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## CONCISE SUMMARY

The purpose of this study is to test a coping skills training program for patients with lung cancer, 'LiveWell'. The skills are designed to help you live as well as possible, with cancer. We are hoping to reduce distress and other common emotional and physical symptoms, such as fatigue, pain, and breathlessness. The study is being conducted in 2 parts. You are being asked to participate in Part 2. You will be compensated for your time.

We will test the coping skills training program with 30 individuals. If you participate in this study, you will:

- -Complete eight, one-on-one, intervention sessions with a study clinician (45-60 minutes).  We will loan you a tablet computer (iPad) to use for video-conferencing, if necessary, and train you in its use.
- -Learn skills from dialectical behavioral therapy, a type of evidence-based psychotherapy, that have been specifically adapted to help you cope better with distress and other physical (e.g., fatigue, pain, breathlessness) and emotional symptoms.
- -Complete three assessments (20-30 minutes) that ask about cancer symptoms and your feedback on the coping skills program.
- -Have the opportunity to participate in an interview following the skills training program to discuss your feedback and experience.

For most people, participation in this study will last approximately 12 weeks.

The greatest risk of being in this study is that some of the topics covered in the sessions or in the surveys may make you feel some increased distress.

If you are interested in learning more about this study, please continue to read below.

You are being asked to take part in this research study because you have advanced lung cancer. Research studies are voluntary and include only people who choose to take part.

Please read this consent form carefully and take your time making your decision. As your study doctor or study staff discusses this consent form with you, please ask him/her to explain any words or information that you do not clearly understand.  We encourage you to talk with your family and friends before you decide to take part in this research study.  The nature of the study, risks, inconveniences, discomforts, and other important information about the study are listed below.

Please tell the study doctor or study staff if you are taking part in another research study.









Dialectical Behavioral Therapy Skills Training for Metastatic Lung Cancer Patients

The sponsor of this study, the National Institute of Health, will pay Duke University to perform this research, and these funds may reimburse part of Kelly Hyland, PhD salary.
