Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine the safest dose of a new drug, IPdR, when given with standard treatments – capecitabine and radiation therapy – for locally advanced rectal cancer. About 20-30 participants will receive capecitabine and radiation, along with varying doses of IPdR taken by mouth daily for about six weeks. After treatment, you will be monitored for four weeks, and then have surgery approximately 8-12 weeks later. Potential risks include side effects like diarrhea and dehydration, and the possibility that the added drug may not be as effective as usual treatment. Benefits may include shrinking or stabilizing the cancer, though this is not guaranteed. You can stop participating at any time without affecting your regular medical care. Your medical information will be kept private, though it may be shared for research purposes while protecting your identity. There are no costs to you for research-related procedures, but you are responsible for costs associated with standard care like capecitabine and radiation. You will not be paid for participating, but may contribute to future advancements in cancer treatment. If you experience an injury related to the study, your insurance may not cover it. For questions or concerns, contact the study doctor at (*insert telephone number*).

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Side Effect Risks

The study drug used in this study may affect how different parts of your body work such as your liver, kidneys, heart, and blood.  The study doctor will test your blood and let you know if changes occur that may affect your health.

There is also a risk that you could have other side effects from the study drug.

Here are important things to know about side effects:

1. The study doctors do not know who will or will not have side effects.
2. Some side effects may go away soon, some may last a long time, and some may never go away.
3. Some side effects may make it hard for you to have children.
4. Some side effects may be mild.  Other side effects may be very serious and even result in death.

You can ask your study doctor questions about side effects at any time.  Here are important ways to make side effects less of a problem:

- x If you notice or feel anything different, tell your study doctor.  He or she can check to see if it is a side effect.
- x Your study doctor will work with you to treat your side effects.
- x Your study doctor may adjust the study drugs to try to reduce side effects.

This study is looking at a combination of the usual drugs used to treat this type of cancer plus a study drug.  This different combination of drugs may increase your side effects or may cause new side effects.


10410

You should notify your doctor immediately at the first sign of poorly formed or loose stools or an increased frequency of bowel movements.  Loperamide (Imodium) should be kept on hand and should be taken as recommended by your doctor.
