Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new combination of two medicines, rucaparib and bevacizumab, to see how well they work against cervical or endometrial cancer that has come back or isn’t responding to treatment. About 100 people nationwide, including some here, will participate. If you join, you’ll have regular check-ups, blood tests, scans (CT or MRI), and potentially a tumor biopsy. You’ll take rucaparib pills twice a day and receive bevacizumab through a vein. The study will last as long as the treatment is working and you aren’t experiencing unacceptable side effects, potentially up to a year of treatment followed by several years of follow-up visits. Possible side effects include nausea, fatigue, low blood counts, high blood pressure, and others; your study doctor will discuss these with you. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the information gained could help others in the future. You can choose to stop participating at any time. Your medical information will be kept private. You and/or your insurance will be responsible for costs related to your care, but the study drugs are provided free of charge. If you experience an injury related to the study, medical treatment will be provided, but there are no funds set aside for compensation. You can contact the study doctor or the local Institutional Review Board (IRB) with any questions or concerns. Your tumor and blood samples may be used for research to help understand and treat cancer, and you can withdraw your permission for this at any time.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## What about Confidentiality?

Efforts will be made to keep your personal information confidential. You will not be identifiable by  name  or  description  in  any  reports  or  publications  about  this  study.  We  cannot  guarantee absolute confidentiality. Your personal information may be disclosed if required by law.  You will be  asked  to  sign  a  separate  authorization  form  for  use  or  sharing  of  your  protected  health information.

There are organizations outside the insert site name that may inspect and/or copy your research records for quality assurance and data analysis. These organizations include the study Sponsor and its representatives, the US Food &amp; Drug Administration, and other regulatory agencies, and Clovis Oncology and its representatives.

A description of this clinical trial will be available on http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov , as required by U.S. Law.  However, this website will not include information that can identify you.  At most, the website will include a summary of the study and results.  You can search this website at any time.

When  the  research  results  are  published  or  discussed  in  conferences,  no  information  will  be included that reveals your identity. In a few rare situations, federal or state law requires disclosure of personal information.
