Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new combination of two medicines, rucaparib and bevacizumab, to see how well they work against cervical or endometrial cancer that has come back or isn’t responding to treatment. About 100 people nationwide, including some here, will participate. If you join, you’ll have regular check-ups, blood tests, scans (CT or MRI), and potentially a tumor biopsy. You’ll take rucaparib pills twice a day and receive bevacizumab through a vein. The study will last as long as the treatment is working and you aren’t experiencing unacceptable side effects, potentially up to a year of treatment followed by several years of follow-up visits. Possible side effects include nausea, fatigue, low blood counts, high blood pressure, and others; your study doctor will discuss these with you. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the information gained could help others in the future. You can choose to stop participating at any time. Your medical information will be kept private. You and/or your insurance will be responsible for costs related to your care, but the study drugs are provided free of charge. If you experience an injury related to the study, medical treatment will be provided, but there are no funds set aside for compensation. You can contact the study doctor or the local Institutional Review Board (IRB) with any questions or concerns. Your tumor and blood samples may be used for research to help understand and treat cancer, and you can withdraw your permission for this at any time.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Reproductive risks:

Treatment with rucaparib may involve risks that are currently unforeseeable to a fetus, embryo, or unborn child. You cannot participate in this study if you are pregnant, or if you are thinking about becoming pregnant. You should not nurse (breast feed) a baby while in this study because the study drug may enter breast milk and possibly harm your child.

If you are of childbearing potential, you must agree to undergo monthly serum pregnancy testing and use highly effective birth control while you are taking rucaparib and for 6 months afterward. Highly effective birth control is considered to be a method with a less than 1% per year failure rate and  is  defined  in  this  study  as  established  use  of  progesterone-only  injectable  or  implantable contraceptives (e.g. Depo Provera, Implanon, Nexplanon), placement of an intrauterine device (IUD) or intrauterine system (IUS), surgical sterilization, or true, complete (as opposed to periodic) abstinence. If this applies to you, please discuss your plan for birth control with the investigator or study staff.

If you become pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant during this study, you should immediately inform the study personnel. If you become pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant while on this study, tell the study doctor immediately; the study doctor will perform a pregnancy test. The study drug may be discontinued until the result of the pregnancy test is known. If pregnancy is confirmed, you may be withdrawn from the study. The study doctor will assist you in getting obstetrical care at your cost. Payment for all aspects of obstetrical, child, or related care will be your responsibility.


If you think you might want to have a child after taking part in this study, you should also talk with the study doctor about whether your eggs should be stored before you start study treatment.  The cost of storing your eggs is not covered by this study.  If you get pregnant at any time during this study or within 6 months after taking your last dose of study drug, tell the study doctor right away and you will need to stop taking rucaparib immediately (if you are taking rucaparib at the time). You  may  be  asked  for  information  about  your  health  and  the  baby's  health  to  see  how  the pregnancy turned out.
