Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new combination of two medicines, rucaparib and bevacizumab, to see how well they work against cervical or endometrial cancer that has come back or isn’t responding to treatment. About 100 people nationwide, including some here, will participate. If you join, you’ll have regular check-ups, blood tests, scans (CT or MRI), and potentially a tumor biopsy. You’ll take rucaparib pills twice a day and receive bevacizumab through a vein. The study will last as long as the treatment is working and you aren’t experiencing unacceptable side effects, potentially up to a year of treatment followed by several years of follow-up visits. Possible side effects include nausea, fatigue, low blood counts, high blood pressure, and others; your study doctor will discuss these with you. While there may be no direct benefit to you, the information gained could help others in the future. You can choose to stop participating at any time. Your medical information will be kept private. You and/or your insurance will be responsible for costs related to your care, but the study drugs are provided free of charge. If you experience an injury related to the study, medical treatment will be provided, but there are no funds set aside for compensation. You can contact the study doctor or the local Institutional Review Board (IRB) with any questions or concerns. Your tumor and blood samples may be used for research to help understand and treat cancer, and you can withdraw your permission for this at any time.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND USE OF SPECIMENS FOR RESEARCH

You are being asked to allow samples from your tumor and blood to be submitted and used in research. Such bodily materials are referred to as specimens and are very important in helping doctors  and  scientists  learn  more  about  caring  for  and  treating  people  with  cancer  and  other diseases. The use of specimens in scientific research can also help doctors and scientists understand why some people develop cancer and others don't, and why some people have cancers that respond or don't respond well to current therapies, for example.

The research that may be done with your specimens is not designed specifically to help you, but it may help others with cancer or other diseases in the future. Reports about research done with your specimens will not be given to you or your regular physicians, or be put in your health record. The research will not have an effect on your care.

When research is performed on specimens connected with clinical information about the person, including the person's disease and how the person responds to treatment, doctors and scientists can specifically study how to prevent, detect, treat and cure cancer and other diseases, or how to predict response to therapy, toxicities, recurrence and overall survival.

The Sponsor uses procedures designed to protect your privacy and confidentiality. The chance that information from your health records would be incorrectly released is very small, but you should be aware of this risk.  To protect your privacy and confidentiality, the research investigators that study your specimens will never be given your name, address, phone number, Social Security number or any other personal information. In addition, your specimens will never be labeled with your name or other type of personal identifier. Your specimens will be labeled with a unique series of letters and numbers in order to keep track of the specimens.  Research investigators receive specimens labeled only with these codes.

Your specimens will be used for research purposes and will not be sold.  However, the research may help to develop new products and therapies in the future that could be patented and licensed. In any event, there are no plans to provide you with any direct financial compensation.


If you agree now that your tumor specimen and/or blood specimens can be submitted and used for this research study and/or future research, you can change your mind at any time. At that time, please contact the staff at your treating institution, typically your doctor or nurse, and tell them that you have changed your mind about allowing your specimens to be used for research.
