Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing if adding a new drug, niraparib, to standard prostate cancer treatment (hormones and radiation) can help prevent the cancer from returning. You are being asked to participate because you have prostate cancer with a high chance of recurrence. If you choose to join, you’ll receive usual hormone therapy and radiation, plus the study drug niraparib for up to a year. The study will involve regular blood tests, blood pressure checks, and collection of tissue and blood samples for research. There are potential risks like fatigue, low blood counts, high blood pressure, and side effects from the drugs and radiation; some risks are currently unknown. Possible benefits include shrinking or stabilizing the cancer, though this is not certain. You can stop participating at any time without affecting your regular medical care. Your medical information will be kept private, though it may be shared for research purposes with safeguards in place. There is no cost to you for the study drug, but you will be responsible for usual care costs and potential travel/time off work. You won’t be paid for participation, but your samples may contribute to future discoveries. If you are injured during the study, insurance may not cover the costs. For questions or concerns, contact the study doctor at [insert telephone number] or the Institutional Review Board at [insert telephone number].

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## What is involved in this optional sample collection?

If you agree to take part, here is what will happen next:

1. About 2 tablespoons of blood will be collected from a vein in your arm before you begin treatment on this study, within 7 days after you finish niraparib, and if your cancer comes back. The blood can be collected at the same time as blood draws taken for the main part of the study.
2. About 2 tablespoons of urine will be collected before you begin treatment on this study. The urine can be collected at the same time as your study visit for the main part of the study.
3. Remaining tissue from the sample of tissue that was collected as part of your participation on the main study will be sent to the biobank.
2. Your samples will be stored in the biobank.  There is no limit on the length of time we will keep your samples and research information.  The samples will be kept until they are used for research or destroyed.
3. Researchers can only get samples from the biobank after their research has been approved by experts.  Researchers will not be given your name or contact information.
4. Some of your genetic and health information may be placed in central databases for researchers to use.  The databases will not include your name or contact information.
