Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing if adding a new drug, niraparib, to standard prostate cancer treatment (hormones and radiation) can help prevent the cancer from returning. You are being asked to participate because you have prostate cancer with a high chance of recurrence. If you choose to join, you’ll receive usual hormone therapy and radiation, plus the study drug niraparib for up to a year. The study will involve regular blood tests, blood pressure checks, and collection of tissue and blood samples for research. There are potential risks like fatigue, low blood counts, high blood pressure, and side effects from the drugs and radiation; some risks are currently unknown. Possible benefits include shrinking or stabilizing the cancer, though this is not certain. You can stop participating at any time without affecting your regular medical care. Your medical information will be kept private, though it may be shared for research purposes with safeguards in place. There is no cost to you for the study drug, but you will be responsible for usual care costs and potential travel/time off work. You won’t be paid for participation, but your samples may contribute to future discoveries. If you are injured during the study, insurance may not cover the costs. For questions or concerns, contact the study doctor at [insert telephone number] or the Institutional Review Board at [insert telephone number].

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Side Effect Risks

The radiation and drug therapy used in this study may affect how different parts of your body work such as your liver, kidneys, heart, and blood.  The study doctor will test your blood and let you know if changes occur that may affect your health.

There is also a risk that you could have other side effects from the study radiation and drugs.

Here are important things to know about side effects:

1. The study doctors do not know who will or will not have side effects.
2. Some side effects may go away soon, some may last a long time, and some may never go away.
3. Some side effects may make it hard for you to have children.

4. Some side effects may be mild.  Other side effects may be very serious and even result in death.

You can ask your study doctor questions about side effects at any time.  Here are important ways to make side effects less of a problem:

-  If you notice or feel anything different, tell your study doctor.  He or she can check to see if it is a side effect.
-  Your study doctor may adjust the study drugs to try to reduce side effects.
-  Your study doctor will work with you to treat your side effects.
