Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine if patients receiving chemotherapy with paclitaxel (Taxol™) can safely stop taking medications used to prevent allergic reactions. If you enroll, you’ll receive standard chemotherapy treatment, and after the first two doses, you’ll be randomly assigned to either continue or discontinue those preventative medications. You will complete brief surveys before and after each chemotherapy dose to track your symptoms and quality of life, taking approximately 8-10 hours over 2-4 months. Potential risks include allergic reactions to paclitaxel, similar to those experienced by patients not in the study, and possible side effects from the preventative medications if you continue receiving them. There may be no direct benefit to you, but the study could help future patients. You can stop participating at any time without penalty. Your medical records will be kept confidential, and your participation is voluntary. If you experience an injury related to the study, medical care will be provided, but costs may be billed to you or your insurance. For questions about the study, contact Michael Berger at 614-293-0191 or Michael.Berger@osumc.edu; for privacy concerns, contact Kathleen Ojala at 614-293-6482 or Kathleen.Ojala@osumc.edu; or for participant rights, contact the Office of Responsible Research Practices at 1-800-678-6251. You will not be paid for participating, but may incur small costs for text message surveys depending on your phone plan.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## 6. What risks, side effects or discomforts can I expect from being in the study?

There are risks to taking part in any research study.

The surveys ask about symptoms and quality of life associated with treatment. You may choose not to answer one or more of the questions. Your information and surveys are not monitored in real time. If you are having any urgent symptoms, you should seek medical attention.

Loss of confidentiality is a risk; however, we have taken multiple precautions to limit this. Once enrolled, you will be given a unique study ID. This ID will be used in all of the databases. Some participants will use REDCap electronic data capture tool for the online surveys. REDCap provides a secure, web-based, HIPAA compliant application and password protected platform that is housed behind the medical center's firewall. Other participants may choose to complete paper surveys that will be coded with only your study ID, entered into REDCap after they are returned to the study team, and then will be shredded.

There may be other privacy risks that we have not foreseen. While we believe the risks to you are very low, we are unable to tell you exactly what all the risks are. During the research study, you will be provided with any new information that may affect your health

IRB Protocol Number: IRB Approval date: Version: 2021C0059 8/1/2023 6/9/2023

or willingness to participate. You may be asked to sign a new consent form that shows that you have been informed of new information relating to this research study.

The risk of having an allergic reaction is highest when you are receiving your first or second dose of paclitaxel, so when you begin taking part in this study, you will be receiving the standard premedications prior to your paclitaxel chemotherapy. You are at no greater risk of side effects or discomforts from these drugs or allergic reaction from paclitaxel than other patients who are not taking part in this study. If you do not have an allergic reaction, and your premedications are discontinued prior to your third dose of paclitaxel, you may have a slightly increased risk of having an allergic reaction to paclitaxel. Based on available evidence, your doctor believes this risk to be small. These paclitaxel reactions can range from mild (symptoms such as flushing, sweating, and itching) to severe (including shortness of breath, blood pressure changes and in rare cases, even death). Your doctor and nurse will continue to monitor your paclitaxel infusions very closely. If you develop a serious allergic reaction while receiving paclitaxel, the nurse will stop the paclitaxel infusion and possibly administer intravenous 'rescue' medications, oxygen, or intravenous fluids to help treat the allergic reaction. Your doctor or another doctor is always present in the building to help manage your treatment.

The effects of paclitaxel on an unborn baby may be harmful. Therefore, if you are pregnant, you cannot be in this study. If you are a woman of childbearing potential, you must not become pregnant while in this study. If you are capable of bearing children, you may be required to take a pregnancy test before entry into this study if your doctor suspects you may be pregnant. If you become pregnant during the study, you will be withdrawn from the study. If at any time during the study or for up to 120 days after you stop study treatment you suspect that you have become pregnant, please notify the study doctor immediately. The risk to pregnant partners or the baby of male patients receiving paclitaxel is not known. Female patients of reproductive potential as well as fertile male patients with partners who are female of reproductive potential must agree to abstain from sexual intercourse or to use a double barrier method (ie. condom, diaphragm, cervical cap with spermicidal foam, cream, or gel) from the time of giving informed consent through the duration of study treatment with paclitaxel (up to 12 weeks). You must not nurse (breastfeed) while on this study because paclitaxel may enter breast milk and possibly harm your child.
