Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## 1. Why is this study being done?

As part of your cancer treatment, your doctor has ordered an intravenous (into your vein) chemotherapy drug called paclitaxel (Taxol™). There is a small chance that you may have an allergic reaction while the paclitaxel is being given. These reactions can range from mild (symptoms such as flushing, sweating, and itching) to severe (including shortness of breath, blood pressure changes and even death). The risk of having an allergic reaction is highest when you are receiving your first or second dose of paclitaxel. Your nurse will give you three different intravenous or oral medications (referred to as 'premedications'): dexamethasone (Decadron™), diphenhydramine (Benadryl™) or cetirizine (Zyrtec™) and famotidine (Pepcid™) before your dose of paclitaxel is given in order to prevent an allergic reaction from happening. Despite receiving these premedications, you can still have an allergic reaction to paclitaxel. On days that you receive your paclitaxel treatment, a doctor will always be present in the building to help manage your treatment. Your nurse will monitor you closely while you are receiving paclitaxel. If you develop a serious allergic reaction while receiving paclitaxel, the nurse will stop the paclitaxel infusion and possibly give intravenous 'rescue' medications, oxygen, or intravenous fluids to help treat the allergic reaction. The overwhelming majority of these allergic reactions will respond to this treatment. Symptoms of the allergic reaction often go away within 20-30 minutes, at which time the paclitaxel infusion can often be safely restarted.

Normally, you would continue to receive all three premedications prior to every dose of paclitaxel, even if you have not had an allergic reaction with the first or second dose. These premedications can cause unwanted side effects, including abnormal blood sugars, fluid retention, insomnia, acne, muscle twitching and restlessness. Some of these unwanted side effects may worsen if you continue taking them for a long time.

This study would like to monitor any effects and reactions for a group of patients who stop receiving premedications in order to prevent potential side effects from these drugs. All patients who agree to take part in this study will be monitored to make sure they have not had an allergic reaction with the first or second dose of paclitaxel. After that point, patients in the study will randomly be put into a group to either continue receiving premedications, or to stop receiving premedications. All patients will continue to be monitored and treated with rescue medications as needed. Your prescribed chemotherapy

IRB Protocol Number: IRB Approval date: Version: 2021C0059 8/1/2023 6/9/2023

treatment does not change by taking part in this study. Your doctor may determine that it is best to restart premedications to avoid future allergic reactions.

In order to monitor your symptoms and quality of life, a study coordinator will have all patients take a survey before each dose of paclitaxel, and then surveys will be provided to all participants for six days after each paclitaxel dose. This will help track symptoms and how you are feeling.
