Consent Form Summary:

This research study is exploring whether a special type of PET scan, called 68 Ga-PSMA-11, can help surgeons better locate and remove prostate cancer. If you agree to participate, you’ll be one of 55 people involved. You’ll receive a single injection of a small amount of a radioactive substance, followed by a PET/CT scan to create images of your body.  The study will last about two years, including follow-up appointments after surgery to assess your quality of life – things like urinary and sexual function. While the scan may help improve surgical planning, there’s no guarantee you’ll directly benefit. Potential risks include a very small chance of allergic reaction to the injection, minor bruising from the IV, and exposure to radiation (about the amount you’d get from 3-4 years of natural background radiation). Your personal information will be kept confidential, and you can withdraw from the study at any time without penalty. You won’t be charged for the research scan, but standard medical costs will apply. If you experience a research-related injury, medical treatment will be provided, but you’re responsible for costs not covered by insurance. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Bahler at 317-944-3458 or the IU Human Research Protection Program at 800-696-2949.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## STUDY PURPOSE

The purpose of this study is to evaluate a radiopharmaceutical (a radioactive imaging agent) called 68 Ga- PSMA-11. This imaging agent seeks to identify prostate cancer based on its expression of a specific protein target, prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA), which is known to be present at high levels on the surface of most prostate cancer cells. The tests will involve using 68 Ga-PSMA-11 positron emission tomography (PET) scan of your body to look for evidence of tumor locations. This scan may provide your surgeon with additional information about your cancer's location that may help guide the surgeon as they attempt to preserve muscle and nerve tissue near your prostate while also attempting to remove all of your cancer.  The post-surgical analysis is focused on comparing the pre-surgery PET images with pathology images of the removed cancer.  Specifically, this study will look at how well the pre-surgery PET scan predicts the local spread of prostate cancer beyond prostate boundaries.  The study also tracks quality-of-life before and after the surgery.

The 68 Ga-PSMA-11 radiopharmaceutical is investigational, which means it has not yet been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). However, it has been used for prostate cancer imaging in hundreds of prior patients at Indiana University, and thousands of patients worldwide.  The results of the 68 Ga-PSMA-11 scan will be considered in combination with your standard-of-care data such as biopsy pathology and MRI imaging.
