Consent Form Summary:

This research study is exploring whether a special type of PET scan, called 68 Ga-PSMA-11, can help surgeons better locate and remove prostate cancer. If you agree to participate, you’ll be one of 55 people involved. You’ll receive a single injection of a small amount of a radioactive substance, followed by a PET/CT scan to create images of your body.  The study will last about two years, including follow-up appointments after surgery to assess your quality of life – things like urinary and sexual function. While the scan may help improve surgical planning, there’s no guarantee you’ll directly benefit. Potential risks include a very small chance of allergic reaction to the injection, minor bruising from the IV, and exposure to radiation (about the amount you’d get from 3-4 years of natural background radiation). Your personal information will be kept confidential, and you can withdraw from the study at any time without penalty. You won’t be charged for the research scan, but standard medical costs will apply. If you experience a research-related injury, medical treatment will be provided, but you’re responsible for costs not covered by insurance. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Bahler at 317-944-3458 or the IU Human Research Protection Program at 800-696-2949.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## RISKS OF TAKING PART IN THE STUDY

While on the study, the risks are:

1. Loss of confidentiality . During this study, we will collect information about your medical condition and the results of the scans. To minimize the risk that your medical information might be seen by persons who are not involved in the study, our files are kept in a secure area.  Also, your name will never appear in any research reports. We cannot guarantee absolute confidentiality. Your personal information may be disclosed if required by law (such as when the FDA asks to review our files).
2. Radiopharmaceutical Administration and PET/MR. The amount of this radioactive imaging agent is so small that you should not experience any drug effects whatsoever. In the very rare event this occurs (similar to an allergic reaction), our personnel are trained to quickly recognize and treat it.  Signs of an allergic reaction include: rash, itching, swelling, and shortness of breath.  Possible risks from placing a tube in your arm vein include bruising, and rarely, infection. To minimize the risks, all procedures will be performed by certified nuclear medicine technologist trained to perform clinical PET imaging studies using sterile (very clean) procedures.

Your participation in this research study involves exposure to radiation in addition to what you may receive as part of your standard care. The benefit from the radiation you receive for your standard care typically outweighs the risk because it allows your doctor to provide appropriate medical care; however, the additional radiation 'dose' you receive for research purposes may not benefit you personally. Regulatory agencies have established annual radiation dose limits for individuals who work with radiation (e.g. x-ray technologists, radiologists, etc.).  If you decide to participate in this research study, the radiation dose you receive will not be above the annual limit for radiation workers.

Radiation has been shown to cause cancer and/or leukemia from doses that are higher than the additional annual radiation dose you will receive by participating in this study. According to the Health Physics Society (an international organization that specializes in radiation protection), the increased risk of health effects from the additional annual radiation exposures in the range of those you will receive while participating in this research study is either too small to be observed or nonexistent in the normal population.  While there is no evidence that any risk exists for humans exposed to this amount, it is assumed that the risks rise with lifetime accumulated dose from all sources of ionizing radiation, including the doses you receive from medical procedures and the environment. You should also be

aware that everyone's sensitivity to radiation is not the same and some diseases (e.g. genetic diseases, diseases affecting DNA repair, and immune diseases such as HIV) may make you more sensitive to the effects and consequences of the radiation exposure than the normal population.  Finally, you should know that even if there is an increased risk of an effect, it could be 5 to 20 years before any effect would actually occur.  Thus, you may want to factor in your age, overall health, and the number of medical radiation procedures that you've had when determining if this risk is acceptable to you.  The calculated effective dose resulting from your participation in this study is available upon request.

3. Since this is an investigational study there may be risks that are unknown or unforeseeable. Your participation could be terminated by the investigators at any time if significant acute or chronic medical, neurologic, or psychiatric illness in the subject that, in the judgment of the Principal Investigator, could compromise your ability to complete the study, and/or compromise the objectives of the study.

If you have had radiation (like x-rays, CT or radiation therapy) before or you participated in a different study where you were exposed to radiation, please tell us now.  We want to make certain that the probability of harm from the amount of radiation you will be exposed to in this study continues to be low when combined with the radiation you have received within the past year.

The PET scans that you may get in this study will expose you to radiation.  Every day, people are exposed to low levels of radiation that come from the natural environment and man-made radiation sources around them.  This type of radiation is called 'background radiation.'  The amount of radiation you will get from the scans in this study is approximately 3-4 years' worth of background radiation. Most of the time, this amount of extra radiation is not harmful to you.  However, scientists believe that being exposed to too much radiation can cause harmful side effects. Certain diseases or conditions may affect your sensitivity to radiation. For more detailed information on the risks of radiation or if you wish to have a more detailed dose estimate, please ask your study doctor.

4. You may experience discomfort or uncomfortableness answering quality of life assessments related to this study. If you are uncomfortable answering questions for these assessments, please let the study nurse know. The study nurse or research coordinator will determine if these assessments are required for continuation in this study.
