Consent Form Summary:

This research study is exploring whether a special type of PET scan, called 68 Ga-PSMA-11, can help surgeons better locate and remove prostate cancer. If you agree to participate, you’ll be one of 55 people involved. You’ll receive a single injection of a small amount of a radioactive substance, followed by a PET/CT scan to create images of your body.  The study will last about two years, including follow-up appointments after surgery to assess your quality of life – things like urinary and sexual function. While the scan may help improve surgical planning, there’s no guarantee you’ll directly benefit. Potential risks include a very small chance of allergic reaction to the injection, minor bruising from the IV, and exposure to radiation (about the amount you’d get from 3-4 years of natural background radiation). Your personal information will be kept confidential, and you can withdraw from the study at any time without penalty. You won’t be charged for the research scan, but standard medical costs will apply. If you experience a research-related injury, medical treatment will be provided, but you’re responsible for costs not covered by insurance. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Bahler at 317-944-3458 or the IU Human Research Protection Program at 800-696-2949.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## PROCEDURES FOR THE STUDY

If you agree to be in the study, you will do the following things:

You will be screened to ensure you meet all inclusion and exclusion criteria.  Your medical history will be taken.  You will be asked to complete baseline quality of life assessments focusing on erectile function, urinary function and overall mental and physical health. You must be diagnosed with prostate cancer with plan for standard of care prostate removal at Indiana University.

You will receive a single intravenous injection of the 68 Ga-PSMA-11 radiopharmaceutical, followed by a PET/CT scan.  The results of this scan will be discussed with you.

The PET scan is expected to be performed using a combined PET/CT camera. The research PET imaging will occur as a separate visit from your standard-of-care prostate imaging. The PET scan involves the following steps:

- a. An intravenous tube, or line, will be placed in one of your arm veins to allow for injection of the radioactive substance.
- b. You will be asked to empty your bladder. On returning to the injection room, the 68Ga-PSMA-11 radiopharmaceutical will be injected via the intravenous tube, followed by flushing of that tube with sterile saline solution.
- c. Approximately 5-minutes after the radiopharmaceutical injection you will be asked to lie down on your back on a platform on the PET/CT scanner. The scanner will collect PET images which will require about 45-minutes.
- d. The intravenous line will be removed, and you will be allowed to leave the imaging facility.

You will be monitored while at the imaging site to observe for any adverse events. All study procedures will take place at IU Health facilities.

After your surgery, you will continue to follow up with your physician per standard of care prostate cancer follow up.  At each of these follow up visits in the first year post-surgery (1 month, 3 months, 6 months, 12 months), you will be asked to complete the same quality of life assessments as prior to your surgery.

You will be in this study for approximately two years.
