Consent Form Summary:

This research study is exploring whether a special type of PET scan, called 68 Ga-PSMA-11, can help surgeons better locate and remove prostate cancer. If you agree to participate, you’ll be one of 55 people involved. You’ll receive a single injection of a small amount of a radioactive substance, followed by a PET/CT scan to create images of your body.  The study will last about two years, including follow-up appointments after surgery to assess your quality of life – things like urinary and sexual function. While the scan may help improve surgical planning, there’s no guarantee you’ll directly benefit. Potential risks include a very small chance of allergic reaction to the injection, minor bruising from the IV, and exposure to radiation (about the amount you’d get from 3-4 years of natural background radiation). Your personal information will be kept confidential, and you can withdraw from the study at any time without penalty. You won’t be charged for the research scan, but standard medical costs will apply. If you experience a research-related injury, medical treatment will be provided, but you’re responsible for costs not covered by insurance. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Bahler at 317-944-3458 or the IU Human Research Protection Program at 800-696-2949.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## VOLUNTARY NATURE OF STUDY

Taking part in this study is voluntary.  You may choose not to take part, or may leave the study at any time.  Leaving the study will not result in any penalty or loss of benefits to which you are entitled.  Your decision whether or not to participate in this study will not affect your current or future relations with Indiana University Health or the Departments of Urology or Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Indiana University School of Medicine.

If you want to stop being in the study, tell the study doctor or study staff.  If you decide to stop being in the study, the study doctor or study staff may ask you some questions about when you were in the study. If you, or your study doctor, decide to stop your participation from the study you may be asked to return for follow-up visits to help monitor your health and condition.

During the course of the study, if we receive any important new information about the study, that might change your mind about continuing in the study, the study doctor or study staff will tell you about it. You are free to withdraw your consent from the study at any time. Your participation could be terminated by the investigators at any time if significant acute or chronic medical, neurologic, or psychiatric illness in you that, in the judgment of the Principal Investigator, could compromise your safety, limit your ability to complete the study, and/or compromise the objectives of the study.
