## WHAT WILL HAPPEN DURING THE STUDY?

Durvalumab will be administered to you by IV (through an intravenous catheter, a small plastic tube that is put into a vein, usually in your arm) on Day 1 of each cycle (1 Cycle = 28 days).

You will take olaparib by mouth every day of every cycle.











Olaparib should be taken 2 times a day. Try to space your doses out evenly throughout the day, so ideally, take a dose at 8 am and 8 pm with approximately 1 cup (240 mL) of water. You may take the tablets with a light meal/snack (i.e. 2 pieces of toast or a couple of crackers). If you need to take your olaparib earlier than scheduled or you missed a dose, you can take it in the time period of +/- 2 hours of the scheduled time. If you vomit after taking olaparib, please, do not immediately take  another  tablet  unless  the  tablet  is  visible.  You  should  simply  proceed  with  next  dose  as scheduled.

If you have nausea or vomiting caused by olaparib, we will give you ondansetron to prevent or decrease the nausea and vomiting. You will need to take ondansetron by mouth with small meal or snack approximately 30 minutes prior to each dose of olaparib.

You will be given a Medication Diary to complete for each cycle. In the diary, you will be asked to record the date and time of each dose of olaparib. You will also be asked to record missed doses. Please bring the diary with you to every study visit.

At each visit, please also bring all empty bottles and any unused medication you may have.

If your doctor is convinced that you have unacceptable side effects caused by one of treatment drugs, this drug will be stopped, and you may continue treatment with the other drug if your study doctor finds that it is in your interest. Treatment will continue until you have unacceptable side effects (both drugs) or you are no longer benefiting from the study therapy.

Treatment and all study related procedures will be done during outpatient visits without planned hospitalization. However, we might still choose to keep your overnight if needed for biopsy and other situations that arise.
