Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Scans and Contrast

CT and MRI scans are common standard imaging tests used in the diagnosis of cancer. The most common discomfort is the length of time a patient must lay still during a scan. Occasionally, a patient may become uncomfortable with the closed space of the machines, particularly the MRI. If this occurs, your doctor can order a medicine to help you relax during this scan. If a contrast agent (the special dye) is given with the scan there is a small risk of having a reaction to the contrast. In that small group of patients who have a reaction, the most common symptoms are nausea, pain in the vein where the contrast was given, a metallic or bitter taste in the mouth, and a warm or  flushing  feeling  that  lasts  from  1-3  minutes.  Rarely  do  these  symptoms  require  any treatment. In very rare cases, people have had severe reactions that affect their breathing and heart rhythm. If you have had a reaction in the past, be sure to tell you doctor or nurse about it.

An IV line may need to be inserted for administration of the contrast agent or anesthetic.  This can cause pain at the site where the IV is placed and carries a small risk of bruising or infection.

Mild symptoms from gadolinium infusion occur in fewer than 1% of those who receive it and usually go away quickly.  Mild symptoms may include coldness in the arm during the injection, a metallic taste, headache, and nausea.  In an extremely small number, fewer than one in 300,000








people, more severe symptoms have been reported including shortness of breath, wheezing, hives, and  lowering  of  blood  pressure.  You  should  not  receive  gadolinium  if  you  previously  had  an allergic reaction to it.  You will be asked about such allergic reactions before gadolinium is given.

People  with  kidney  disease  are  at  risk  for  a  serious  reaction  to  gadolinium  contrast  called 'nephrogenic systemic fibrosis' which has resulted in a very small number of deaths.  A blood test of  your  kidney  function  may  be  done  within  the  month  before  an  MRI  scan  with  gadolinium contrast. You will not receive gadolinium for a research MRI scan if your kidney function is not normal or if you received gadolinium within the previous month.

Most of the gadolinium contrast leaves the body in the urine.  However, the FDA recently issued a safety alert that indicates small amounts of gadolinium may remain in the body for months to years.  The effects of the retained gadolinium are not clear. At this time, retained gadolinium has not been linked to health risks in people whose kidneys work well. Some types of gadolinium contrast drugs are less likely to remain than others.  In this study, we will use the gadolinium contrast drugs that are less likely to remain, whenever possible . We will also give you additional information called a 'Medication Guide.' Upon request, we will give you individual information about retained gadolinium we see on your studies.

Patients with a cardiac pacemaker, neural pacemaker, some types of surgical clips, cochlear implants, foreign metal objects, permanent retainers, or any iron-containing material within the body should not undergo MRI, because of the effect of the strong magnet on these objects.
