Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine if two different methods of producing Gallium-68 (68Ga) for PET/CT scans provide equally clear images of metastatic prostate cancer. Approximately 30 participants with prostate cancer will be enrolled, and you will undergo two PET/CT scans, 6 to 48 hours apart, each lasting about 75 minutes. These scans involve a small injection of a radioactive tracer and may include blood draws before, during, and after the scan. Potential risks include minor discomfort from the injection, exposure to a low level of radiation (similar to standard CT scans), and a very small chance of allergic reaction. There may be unexpected findings on the scans that require further evaluation at your own expense. Participation is entirely voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without affecting your regular medical care. Your medical information will be kept confidential, and access to it is limited and protected by law. You will not be compensated for participating, but all study-related procedures are covered. If you experience an injury related to the study, immediate medical care will be provided at usual charges, but no monetary compensation is available. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Joseph R. Osborne at 212-746-6797 or the WCMC IRB Office at (646) 962-8200.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT ARE THE RISKS OF THE STUDY?

There may be risks associated with participation in a research study. These risks will be discussed with you by the research doctor. The risks and side effects related to the PET/CT scan include:

1. There is the possibility of the common discomforts associated with the needles entering your skin for the introduction of the venous catheter. These risks may include: discomfort (such as minor pain or soreness), lightheadedness and/or minor bruising at the site of the catheter insertions, and less commonly, the formation of a small clot or swelling of the vein and bleeding into the tissues surrounding the puncture site. A rare chance of infection also exists. Experienced medical personnel will be involved to minimize the possible risks associated with insertion of catheter. However, please note that you will have a needle placed through your skin for your clinically indicated standard of care CT exam whether or not you participate in this research study. So this does not represent an increased risk over routine standard of care procedures for your clinical condition.
2. Exposure to radiation. As part of this scan there is radiation delivered from the 68 Ga and from the low dose CT scan that are performed as part of the PET/CT. Although any exposure to ionizing radiation has the potential to cause some harm to tissue, the radiation exposures in this study are comparable to the low-level exposures associated with common diagnostic procedures such as CT scanning. There remains a low theoretical risk of developing a cancer at some point later in life as a result of the radiation exposure received in this study. This risk is much smaller than the clinical risks posed by the patient's current cancer or the salvage radiation therapy the patient would be receiving. Participants should not father a baby while on this study. Acceptable birth control methods include abstinence, double barrier method, surgically sterilized patient or partner.


3. There is low risk of an allergic reaction from administration of the radioactively labeled tracer. Allergic reactions are very rare , and most commonly are mild such as a rash, cough, dizziness or fainting, hives, itching, chest tightness, shortness of breath, or wheezing. Rarely, a more severe and possibly even life-threatening reaction can occur, such as anaphylaxis (a reaction which may involve shortness of breath, swelling or closing of the airway and/or drop in blood pressure). In the event of an allergic reaction, medical treatment will be immediately available from the study staff. The risks of an allergic reaction from participating in this study are very low . PSMA has been injected for PET imaging in more than 500 published patients. No drug related side effects have been observed.

PET/CT studies might involve unsuspected, incidental findings that might or might not be a sign of disease and might or might not lead to further medical work-up. This further medical work-up (if it is performed) might have associated risks, potentially cause anxiety, and may incur costs to you and/or your insurer.

Of note, there are not known risks related to the new production method of Ga-68-PSMA. The end product generated by both methods is the same in terms of chemical structure thus we anticipate no increased risk compare to the standard production method.

For more information about risks and side effects, ask the researcher.

There may also be side effects, other than listed above that we cannot predict. Other drugs may be given to make side effects that occur less serious and less uncomfortable.
