Here is a summary of the consent form in a paragraph style, at most 150 words, and at an eighth-grade level:

You are being asked to participate in a research study about intraoperative radiation therapy for breast cancer. This study will follow women who receive this treatment at Navicent Health for 10 years after their surgery. You will be asked to complete questionnaires about your quality of life, how you feel about your appearance, and how your surgery has affected you. The researchers want to understand how this treatment works and how it affects women's lives. There are no additional benefits to you for participating, but the information collected may help doctors in the future. You will not receive any payment for participating. You can withdraw from the study at any time without affecting your treatment. If you have questions or concerns, please contact the study investigator or the Institutional Review Board. Your participation is voluntary, and your choice will not affect the care you receive.

## AUTHORIZATION TO USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION

In this research study, any new information we collect from you and/or information we get from your medical records or other facilities about your health or behaviors is considered Protected Health Information. The information we will collect for this research study includes : all information in your medical record, such as results of physical examinations, medical history, lab tests, or certain health information indicating or relating to a particular condition.

If this research study involves the diagnosis or treatment of a medical condition, then Protected Health Information collected from you during this study will be placed in your medical record, and may be used to help treat you, arrange payment for your care, or assist with the health care operations of Atrium Health, Wake Forest University Health Sciences, and their respective affiliated entities.

We will take steps to keep your Protected Health Information private. We will store records of your Protected Health Information in a cabinet in a locked office or on a password protected computer.

Your personal health information and information that identifies you ('your health information') may be given to others during and after the study. This is for reasons such as to carry out the study, to determine the results of the study, to make sure the study is being done correctly, to provide required reports and to get approval for new products.

Some of the people, agencies and businesses that may receive and use your health information are the research sponsor; representatives of the sponsor assisting with the research; investigators at other sites who are assisting with the research; central laboratories, reading centers or analysis



centers; the Institutional Review Board; representatives of Wake Forest University Health Sciences and Atrium Health Facilities; representatives from government agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or the Office of Human Research Protections (OHRP), the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) and similar agencies in other countries.

Some of these people, agencies and businesses may further disclose your health information. If disclosed by them, your health information may no longer be covered by federal or state privacy regulations.  Your health information may be disclosed if required by law. Your health information may be used to create information that does not directly identify you. This information may be used by other researchers. You will not be directly identified in any publication or presentation that may result from this study unless there are photographs, videotapes, audiotapes or other recorded media which identify you unless we have your written authorization.

If required by law or court order, we might also have to share your Protected Health Information with a judge, law enforcement officer, government agencies, or others. If your Protected Health Information is shared with any of these groups it may no longer be protected by federal or state privacy rules.

Any Protected Health Information collected from you in this study that is maintained in the research records will be kept for an indeterminate period of time. This authorization does not expire.

You can tell Paul Dale, MD that you want to take away your permission to use and share your Protected Health Information at any time by sending a letter to this address:


However, if you take away permission to use your Protected Health Information you will not be able to be in the study any longer. We will stop collecting any more information about you, but any information we have already collected can still be used for the purposes of the research study.

By signing this form you give us permission to use your Protected Health Information for this study.


