Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Description of Procedures:

CT scan:  The CT scanner is a free-standing machine with a large hole in the center.  You will be asked to lie on your back with your arms raised above your head on a narrow table that slides into the hole.  Patients who have difficulty with enclosed spaces such as those found with some MRI scanners do not usually have a problem with this type of test.  A dye may be injected into a peripheral vein to better evaluate certain diseases and organs. The radiologist will decide if this is necessary.  Tell the technician or radiologist if you have any allergies or have had difficulty with prior CT scans.  It is very important that you remain still throughout the exam and hold your breath when asked.  This will allow for better images.  The actual scan time is usually about two minutes, although the entire procedure usually takes much longer.

MRI: Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) may be done to measure your tumor.  MRI uses magnetism instead of x-rays to build up a picture of the inside of the body. The scan is completely painless, but can be rather noisy and you have to lie very still inside the center of a large, doughnut-shaped magnet for approximately 30-60 minutes to get a good picture. If you have a pacemaker or other metal implants, the staff needs to know as the scan uses magnets.

Chest X-ray:  This test is performed by an x-ray technician.  You will be asked to stand in front of the machine and must hold your breath when the x-ray is taken.

Positron Emission Tomography (PET scan):  You will be taken into a special injection room,  where  the  radioactive  substance  is  administered  as  an  intravenous  injection (although in some cases, it will be given through an existing intravenous line or inhaled as a gas).  It will then take approximately 30 to 90 minutes for the substance to travel through your body and accumulate in the tissue under study.  During this time, you will be  asked  to  rest  quietly  and  avoid  significant  movement  or  talking.    After  that  time, scanning begins.  This may take 30 to 45 minutes.

Hemogram or CBC (Complete Blood Count), which includes:  white blood cell count, red blood cell count, platelet count, hemoglobin (oxygen-carrying pigment in red blood cells), hematocrit (measures the amount of space red blood cells take up in the blood).  This is to aid in diagnosing anemia (low red blood cell count which can result in fatigue), certain cancers of the blood, and to monitor blood loss and infection.

Blood  chemistry:  measures  the  levels  of  a  number  of  chemical  substances  that  are released from various tissues in the body to evaluate the function of the liver and kidneys.

HIV test: in order to make sure that the study procedures are appropriate for you (HIV testing may require a separate consent form for you to sign.  This form will be provided by the Study Doctor.)
