Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to improve treatment for stage III non-small cell lung cancer by testing a combination of immunotherapy (durvalumab), chemotherapy, and radiation. If you choose to participate, you’ll attend about 60 clinic visits over two years, including imaging, six weeks of daily radiation with weekly chemotherapy, and immunotherapy every four weeks for two years. While there’s no guarantee of benefit, and the treatment could potentially worsen your condition, the study hopes to find better ways to control cancer and reduce side effects. You have the option of receiving standard lung cancer treatment instead. The study involves potential risks like diarrhea, lung inflammation, and liver problems, which will be closely monitored. Your medical records will be kept confidential, and participation is completely voluntary – you can withdraw at any time without penalty. There is no cost to you for research-related tests, and you won’t be paid for participation. If you experience a medical issue related to the study, treatment will be provided, but related costs will likely be billed to you or your insurance. If you’re interested, contact Dr. Jing Zeng at 206-598-4100 or the emergency number at 206-589-3300. You can also reach the Institutional Review Office at 206-667-5900 for questions about your rights.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## What will my information and/or tissue samples be used for?

Your information and tissue samples (such as blood and tumor cells) will be used for the purposes of this study.

Your tissue samples might help researchers develop new products. This research could be done by for-profit companies. There is no plan to share with you any revenue generated from products developed using your tissue samples.

During this study, if the researchers learn new information that may be important to your general health or to your disease or condition, they will share that information with you.

In addition, be aware that by agreeing to participate in this study, your information or tissue samples could be used for future research studies or sent to other investigators for future research studies without additional consent from you. These future research studies will be reviewed by an oversight group known as an institutional review board if required by law. The information that identifies you will first be removed from your information or tissue samples. If you do not want your information or tissue samples to be used for future research studies without your consent, you should not participate in this study.

Your tissue contains DNA. DNA makes up the genes that serve as the "instruction book" for the cells in our bodies. By studying genes, researchers can learn more about diseases such as cancer. There are many different types of genetic tests. The testing on your tissue samples might include genetic testing called whole genome sequencing. Whole

genome sequencing looks at all the genetic information in your cells. This type of testing can provide useful information to researchers. It can also present risks if the test results became known to others, for example you could have problems with family members or insurance companies. There is also a risk that these test results could be combined with other information to identify you.
