Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to improve the quality of life and appetite of cancer patients experiencing loss of appetite during treatment. If you agree to participate, you will be one of about 30 patients with head/neck, lung, or pancreatic cancer – or metastatic disease – undergoing radiation, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, or targeted therapy. Over three months, your appetite will be assessed using a questionnaire, and you’ll receive nutrition counseling, potentially alongside an appetite stimulant like medical marijuana, mirtazapine, or dexamethasone. While there are potential side effects from these stimulants – such as drowsiness or dizziness – there are no significant physical risks to participation. You may experience improved appetite and receive personalized nutrition guidance. Participation is completely voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without affecting your medical care. Your medical records will be reviewed, and information collected will be kept confidential. Your data may be stored long-term and used for future research with your consent, though you can opt-out of this data banking. There is no payment for participation, but your insurance or you will cover the cost of any appetite stimulant used. If you experience an injury related to the study, basic medical treatment will be provided, but further care will be billed to your insurance or you. For questions or concerns, contact Rachel Padilla at (718) 920-6720 or the IRB at 718-430-2253.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Are there any risks to me?

We do not think there are any physical risks related to participating in this research study.

There are some potential side effects from taking the appetite stimulants. Please alert your doctor, Registered Dietitian, or research coordinator if you are experiencing any of these. For dronabinol, &gt;10% of the patients experience euphoria. Other not so common side effects can be: facial flushing, dizziness, abnormal thinking, drowsiness, paranoia, stomach pain, nausea, and vomiting.

For mirtazapine, &gt;10% of the patients can experience drowsiness, dry mouth, or constipation. Other not so common side effects can be: swelling of the hands and feel, dizziness, abnormal dreams or thinking, skin rash, weakness, flu-like symptoms, and stomach pain.

For dexamethasone, patients can have irritability, difficult sleeping, swelling in hands and feel, heartburn, muscle weakness, impaired wound healing, and increase blood sugar levels. Other not so common side effects can be dizziness, headaches, mood swings, and cataracts and bone thinning (with long term use).

A risk of taking part in this study is the possibility of a loss of confidentiality or privacy. Loss of privacy means having your personal information shared with someone who is not on the


study team and was not supposed to see or know about your information. The study team plans to protect your privacy - see the Confidentiality section above for details.
