Consent Form Summary:

This research study is testing a new treatment using a mix of biological products – a CEA protein antigen and BCG Vaccine – delivered through a painless skin application to treat CEA-positive rectal cancer. About 20 people with this type of cancer will participate. The goal is to learn how the body responds to this treatment and if it can help fight the cancer. You will receive the treatment and have blood tests and potentially other sample collections over about one month, with follow-up contact for three months after. While there’s no direct benefit to you, the information gained could improve future treatments. Risks are minimal, mainly related to sample collection, but there are unknown risks. Participation is voluntary, and you can leave the study at any time without affecting your regular care. Your medical information will be kept private, though some sharing with study personnel and regulatory groups is necessary. There is no cost to you for the study procedures. You will receive a receipt for each visit completed. If you are injured as a result of the study, treatment will be provided, but there is no financial compensation for injuries. If you have questions, contact Han Xu, M.D., Ph.D., at 301-222-7143.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## 5. New Information

Information about CEA positive protein antigen will be collected every day. We may online ask you to complete additional information. This may be because we would like to obtain your additional information. We will online keep you updated about any new information we learn that may change your decision to be involved in this study.

We may also online contact you after the study ends (for example, to tell you about the study results).

If you agree, we will also online collect medical information, data, results, and symptoms. At the end of this form, we will ask if you allow us to collect your medical information. You can decide not to give these medical data online, but you cannot still be in the study.

We would like online to collect your medical information, data, results, and symptoms. We want to learn if your response to the CEA is influenced by the biological product mix. We also online want to know if CEA is present in your assay by blood-drawing, and if that changes over time. We will online ask you to do this at most study visits (12 times) as shown in the table above. We will online collect this information. These can be collected online and can be done by yourself, or some clinic staff may be able to do it for you. We will give you an online handout that describes these procedures in more detail. We will also ask you questions about your something about medical.
