Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## 18. Method of the biological product to take the Percutaneous Use

The biologics is administered percutaneously utilizing a sterile, single-use multiple puncture device. The multiple puncture device consists of a plastic holder for a thin, wafer-like stainless steel plate from which 36 points protrude (Figure 1). After the biologics is prepared, the skin site is cleansed with an alcohol or acetone sponge and allowed to dry thoroughly.



1. Administer the biological product in the deltoid region (Figure 2). Position the arm to maintain a horizontal surface where the biologics is to be placed.
2. Drop the dose of 1 mL of the biologics from the syringe and needle onto the cleansed surface of the skin (Figure 3) and spread over a 1" by 2" area using the smooth edge of the multiple puncture device (Figure 4).









3. Grasp the arm firmly from underneath, tensing the skin. Center the multiple puncture device over the biologics and apply firm downward pressure such that the device points are well buried in the skin (Figure 5).



4. Maintain pressure for 5 seconds. Do not "rock" the device. Release the pressure underneath the arm and remove the device. In a successful procedure the points puncture the skin. If the points do not puncture the skin, the puncture procedure must be repeated.
5. After successful puncture, spread the biologics as evenly as possible over the puncture area with the smooth edge of the device (Figure 4). An additional 1 -2 drops of the biologics may be added to ensure a very wet vaccination site.
6. Use the multiple puncture device once and discard in a standard biohazardous sharps container.
7. Loosely cover the site and keep dry for 24 hours.
8. Advise  the  patient  that  this  biologic  contains  live  organisms.  Although  the  biologics  will  not survive in a dry state for long, infection of others is possible.
- BCG should not be given to individuals previously infected with M. tuberculosis.
- The biologics will use the percutaneous route with the multiple puncture device.
