Consent Form Summary:

This research study is designed to investigate if a nutritional supplement called sulforaphane can help protect the heart from potential damage caused by doxorubicin, a chemotherapy drug used to treat breast cancer. Sixty women receiving doxorubicin treatment will participate. If you join, you’ll undergo standard heart tests like echocardiograms and EKGs, plus a PET CT scan for research purposes. You will be randomly assigned to receive either sulforaphane or a placebo pill for one year, and regular blood draws and weigh-ins will occur during your doxorubicin infusions and follow-up. There may be some discomfort from blood draws, like pain or bruising, and possible side effects from sulforaphane such as stomach upset. Participation is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without affecting your usual medical care. Your medical records will be kept confidential, and study results will not include your name. Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center does not cover costs for study-related injuries, and you’re responsible for standard care costs, though insurance coverage assistance is available. You won’t be compensated for participation, but your time is valued. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Sharda Singh at 806-743-1540.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## TEXAS TECH UNIVERSITY HEALTH SCIENCES CENTER AUTHORIZATION TO USE AND/OR DISCLOSE YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION for a RESEARCH STUDY

STUDY TITLE : Phase II trial of effect of the Nutritional Supplement Sulforaphane on Doxorubicin-Associated Cardiac Dysfunction

This form is intended to tell you about the use and/or disclosure (sharing) of your personal Protected Health Information (PHI) if you decide to participate in the research study described on the previous pages. The health information about you that may be used or disclosed is described below. This information is usually found in your medical records.  Only the health information about you that is needed for this research study will be used or disclosed. When you consider taking part in this research study, you are also being asked to give your permission for your Protected Health Information to be released from your doctors, clinics, and hospitals to the research personnel approved for this research study.  This Authorization specifically relates to the research study described in the attached Informed Consent document.

1. This Authorization is valid indefinitely or until such time as legal requirements will allow this Authorization to be destroyed.
2. If you choose to cancel this Authorization, please give notice in writing to:

Institutional Privacy Officer Office of Institutional Compliance 3601 4 th  St MS 8165

