Consent Form Summary:

This research study is designed to investigate if a nutritional supplement called sulforaphane can help protect the heart from potential damage caused by doxorubicin, a chemotherapy drug used to treat breast cancer. Sixty women receiving doxorubicin treatment will participate. If you join, you’ll undergo standard heart tests like echocardiograms and EKGs, plus a PET CT scan for research purposes. You will be randomly assigned to receive either sulforaphane or a placebo pill for one year, and regular blood draws and weigh-ins will occur during your doxorubicin infusions and follow-up. There may be some discomfort from blood draws, like pain or bruising, and possible side effects from sulforaphane such as stomach upset. Participation is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without affecting your usual medical care. Your medical records will be kept confidential, and study results will not include your name. Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center does not cover costs for study-related injuries, and you’re responsible for standard care costs, though insurance coverage assistance is available. You won’t be compensated for participation, but your time is valued. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Sharda Singh at 806-743-1540.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## A year after your DOX treatment is done:

-  You will have about 2 tablespoons of blood drawn according to your standard of care and some of the blood will be used for research purposes to tell us more


about your heart health related to the DOX treatment.

-  You will have an ECHO done for research purposes.
-  You will have your pills counted.

While you are in this study we will also take information from your medical record such as ethnicity, age, height and information about your cancer.

5. How much of my time will this study take? How long will I be in the study? You will be in this study for a year.
6. Are there any benefits to me if I take part in this study?

None No. However the subjects that receive the SFN may benefit from the supplement, but this is not guaranteed.

7. What are the risks and/or discomforts to me if I join this study? Sulforaphane Risks:
2.  Side effects may include vomiting, abdominal pain, constipation, increased appetite
