Consent Form Summary:

This research study is designed to investigate if a nutritional supplement called sulforaphane can help protect the heart from potential damage caused by doxorubicin, a chemotherapy drug used to treat breast cancer. Sixty women receiving doxorubicin treatment will participate. If you join, you’ll undergo standard heart tests like echocardiograms and EKGs, plus a PET CT scan for research purposes. You will be randomly assigned to receive either sulforaphane or a placebo pill for one year, and regular blood draws and weigh-ins will occur during your doxorubicin infusions and follow-up. There may be some discomfort from blood draws, like pain or bruising, and possible side effects from sulforaphane such as stomach upset. Participation is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time without affecting your usual medical care. Your medical records will be kept confidential, and study results will not include your name. Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center does not cover costs for study-related injuries, and you’re responsible for standard care costs, though insurance coverage assistance is available. You won’t be compensated for participation, but your time is valued. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Sharda Singh at 806-743-1540.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## 1. Why is this study being done?

The purpose of this study to see if patients taking a nutritional supplement called sulforaphane (SFN) will help protect the heart from damage from doxorubicin (DOX) of patients on DOX chemotherapy. DOX may cause heart damage as the results of previous studies have suggested.

SFN is a supplement made out of mostly broccoli seed and sprout extracts. You should not join the study if you are already taking SFN or glucoraphanin. The brand name supplement the will receive is Avmacol. The tablets of Avmacol and the placebos will be purchased from Nutramax Laboratories, Inc.

2. How many people will take part in this study?

60 women will take part in this study

3. Why am I being asked to take part in this research study?

You are being asked to participate in this study because you have breast cancer and will receive DOX chemotherapy.

4. What will happen during this study?  What will be done that is different from my usual care?
