Consent Form Summary:

We invite you to join a research study exploring the best ways to share information about HPV and cervical cancer with patients like you, who are receiving care at Karmanos Cancer Institute or Stephenson Cancer Center. Your participation is completely voluntary. If you decide to participate, you’ll first complete a survey about your knowledge and feelings regarding HPV. Then, you’ll be randomly assigned to view either an informative video or read a brochure about HPV and cancer prevention. Afterwards, you’ll complete another survey and continue with your regular doctor’s appointment. Six weeks later, you may receive a follow-up survey, and some participants may be asked to complete a phone interview. There are minimal risks involved, mainly a small chance your private information could be revealed, though we take steps to protect it. There’s no direct benefit to you, but the information gained could help others in the future. Participation will take about one hour. You will receive up to $15 in gift cards for your time. You can withdraw from the study at any time without affecting your medical care. All your information will be kept confidential using code numbers and secure data storage. If you have questions, please contact Dr. Radhika Gogoi at (313) 576-9672 or the Institutional Review Board at (313) 577-1628.





Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Confidentiality

All information collected about you during the course of this study will be kept confidential to the extent permitted by law. You will be identified in the research records by a code name or number. Information  that  identifies  you  personally  will  not  be  released  without  your  written  permission. However,  the  study  sponsor,  the  Institutional  Review  Board  (IRB)  at  Wayne  State  University, Karmanos Cancer Institute KCI), or federal agencies with appropriate regulatory oversight [e.g., Food and  Drug  Administration  (FDA),  National  Cancer  Institute  (NCI),  Office  for  Human  Research Protections (OHRP), Office of Civil Rights (OCR), etc.) may review your records.

We will keep all data collected in this study completely confidential. We will assign you a code number rather  than  use  your  name.  Your  survey  answers  will  be  encrypted  (scrambled)  and  sent  over  a secure/safe line to the computer of the researchers. This computer will be in a locked room; and all information  on  it  will  be  protected  by  passwords.  Only  authorized  research  staff  will  know  these passwords. We will not put your code number on the completed informed consent forms. We will store consent forms in separate locked cabinets. When the results of this research are published or discussed in conferences, no information will be included that would reveal your identity.
