Consent Form Summary:

We invite you to join a research study exploring the best ways to share information about HPV and cervical cancer with patients like you, who are receiving care at Karmanos Cancer Institute or Stephenson Cancer Center. Your participation is completely voluntary. If you decide to participate, you’ll first complete a survey about your knowledge and feelings regarding HPV. Then, you’ll be randomly assigned to view either an informative video or read a brochure about HPV and cancer prevention. Afterwards, you’ll complete another survey and continue with your regular doctor’s appointment. Six weeks later, you may receive a follow-up survey, and some participants may be asked to complete a phone interview. There are minimal risks involved, mainly a small chance your private information could be revealed, though we take steps to protect it. There’s no direct benefit to you, but the information gained could help others in the future. Participation will take about one hour. You will receive up to $15 in gift cards for your time. You can withdraw from the study at any time without affecting your medical care. All your information will be kept confidential using code numbers and secure data storage. If you have questions, please contact Dr. Radhika Gogoi at (313) 576-9672 or the Institutional Review Board at (313) 577-1628.





Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Voluntary Participation/Withdrawal

Taking part in this study is voluntary. You have the right to choose not to take part in this study. If you decide to take part in the study you can later change your mind and withdraw from the study. You are free to only answer questions that you want to answer. You are free to withdraw from participation in this study at any time. Your decisions will not change any present or future relationship with Wayne State  University  or  its  affiliates,  or  other  services  you  are  entitled  to  receive.  Your  decision  about whether to participate, or later to withdraw, will not affect the quality of the medical care you might receive at KCI or its affiliates. There will be no loss of any other benefits to which you are entitled.

Submission/Revision Date: 10/11/21

Protocol Version #: 3
