Consent Form Summary:

We invite you to join a research study exploring the best ways to share information about HPV and cervical cancer with patients like you, who are receiving care at Karmanos Cancer Institute or Stephenson Cancer Center. Your participation is completely voluntary. If you decide to participate, you’ll first complete a survey about your knowledge and feelings regarding HPV. Then, you’ll be randomly assigned to view either an informative video or read a brochure about HPV and cancer prevention. Afterwards, you’ll complete another survey and continue with your regular doctor’s appointment. Six weeks later, you may receive a follow-up survey, and some participants may be asked to complete a phone interview. There are minimal risks involved, mainly a small chance your private information could be revealed, though we take steps to protect it. There’s no direct benefit to you, but the information gained could help others in the future. Participation will take about one hour. You will receive up to $15 in gift cards for your time. You can withdraw from the study at any time without affecting your medical care. All your information will be kept confidential using code numbers and secure data storage. If you have questions, please contact Dr. Radhika Gogoi at (313) 576-9672 or the Institutional Review Board at (313) 577-1628.





Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Study Procedures

If you agree to take part in this research study, we will schedule time to meet with you before you see your oncologist. During this meeting, we will ask you to complete a survey on a personal tablet (e.g., iPad). The survey has questions about you, such as your age, education, health and your knowledge and feelings about HPV risk factors and HPV vaccination. After you finish the survey, you will find out which group you are in. There will be two groups. If you are in the first group, you will be asked to view an interactive video on the iPad. If you are in the second group, you will be asked to review a brochure about Cancer and HPV vaccination. Both will take approximately 15-20 minutes. You will then meet with your oncologist. After meeting with your oncologist you will be asked to complete a second survey. This survey will again ask you about your knowledge and feelings about HPV risk factors  and  HPV  vaccination.  Your  meeting  with  the  oncologist  will  not  be  delayed  or  shortened because of the questionnaires. A follow-up survey will be sent to you via mail, phone, or email with your permission 6 weeks after your visit. If eligible, selected participants may be asked to complete a final in-depth interview over the phone to obtain feedback within 6 weeks of completing the follow-up survey. With your permission, this interview will be audio-recorded. Your total time in the study is

Submission/Revision Date: 10/11/21

Protocol Version #: 3
