Consent Form Summary:

We invite you to join a research study exploring the best ways to share information about HPV and cervical cancer with patients like you, who are receiving care at Karmanos Cancer Institute or Stephenson Cancer Center. Your participation is completely voluntary. If you decide to participate, you’ll first complete a survey about your knowledge and feelings regarding HPV. Then, you’ll be randomly assigned to view either an informative video or read a brochure about HPV and cancer prevention. Afterwards, you’ll complete another survey and continue with your regular doctor’s appointment. Six weeks later, you may receive a follow-up survey, and some participants may be asked to complete a phone interview. There are minimal risks involved, mainly a small chance your private information could be revealed, though we take steps to protect it. There’s no direct benefit to you, but the information gained could help others in the future. Participation will take about one hour. You will receive up to $15 in gift cards for your time. You can withdraw from the study at any time without affecting your medical care. All your information will be kept confidential using code numbers and secure data storage. If you have questions, please contact Dr. Radhika Gogoi at (313) 576-9672 or the Institutional Review Board at (313) 577-1628.





Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## Key Information about this Study

You are being asked to participate in this research study because you are a patient with a diagnosis of cervical/vaginal dysplasia or cancer and are receiving care at the Karmanos Cancer Institute (KCI) or Stephenson Cancer Center (SCC). Participation in this research study is voluntary. The purpose of the study is to learn how best to provide HPV related cancer information to cancer survivors and understand how they share information with their families and communities. There may be no direct benefits and there are no foreseeable risks. The alternative to participation is to not participate. Your total time in the study is anticipated to be one hour.
