Here's a summary of the consent form in a paragraph style:

You are invited to participate in a research study about pain control for injections of radioactive tracer before sentinel lymph node biopsy for breast cancer treatment. The study aims to compare four different pain treatments to reduce pain during the injection. You will be randomly assigned to one of four groups: ice on the breast, lidocaine patch on the breast, a vibrating distraction device (Buzzy) and ice on the breast, or lidocaine patch on the breast followed by a vibrating distraction device and ice on the breast. If you participate, you will receive the assigned pain treatment and complete a short survey about your experience. Your active participation will take approximately 20 minutes. You will not be paid for participating, but your contribution may help identify the most effective pain treatment for future breast cancer patients. There are no direct benefits to participation, but your participation may help improve pain control for others. Your confidentiality will be protected, and your health information will be kept secure. You can withdraw from the study at any time without penalty or loss of medical care. If you have questions or concerns, you can contact the Principal Investigator, Heather Neuman, at (608) 262-2025.

## Are there any risks to me?

There is a risk that your information could become known to someone not involved in this study. However, the study team makes every effort to protect your privacy.

In  addition,  there  is  a  small  risk  that  you  could  have  a  skin  reaction  to  the  pain treatment you receive. A skin reaction could include redness, itchiness, swelling, or pain. We expect any skin reactions to be temporary and to go away on their own. If you experience significant discomfort from the pain treatment, let your care team know, and the pain treatment can be immediately stopped. It is also possible that you develop an allergic reaction to the pain treatment you receive. An allergic reaction could range from something as small as a rash to difficulty swallowing. If you were to develop any severe allergic reaction, you would be treated with the appropriate allergy medicines.

Do I have to be in the study? What if I say 'yes' now and change my mind later? No, you do not have to be in this study. Taking part in research is voluntary. This means that you decide if you want to be in the study. If you decide to take part now but later change your mind, you can choose to leave the study at any time. Let the researchers know if you choose to leave the study.

If you decide not to take part in the study, or if you choose to leave the study, your choice  will  not  affect  any  treatment  relationship  you  have  with  your  healthcare providers at UW-Madison, UW Health, or any affiliated organizations, or any services you receive from them. No matter what decision you make, and even if your decision changes, there will be no penalty to you. You will not lose medical care or any legal rights.

Your authorization for researchers to use your protected health information (PHI) will last until the research study is complete. However:

- You can choose to take back your authorization for researchers to use your health information. You can do this at any time before or during your participation in the study.
- If you take back your authorization, information that was already collected may still be used and shared with others; however, the researchers will no longer be able to collect NEW information about you.
- If  you  take  back  your  authorization,  you  will  not  be  able  to  take  part  in  the research study. To take back your authorization, you will need to tell the Lead

Researcher by writing to Heather B. Neuman, K6/142 CSC, 600 Highland Ave, Madison, WI  53792-1690.
