## How will my confidentiality be protected?

We  have  strict  rules  to  protect  your  personal  information  and  protected  health information (PHI). We will limit who has access to your name, address, phone number, and other information that can identify you. We will also store this information securely. We may publish and present what we learn from this study, but none of this information will identify you directly without your permission.

The information that we collect from this research project will be kept confidential in password-protected and secure computers and servers. Information about you that will be collected during the research will be put away, and no-one but the researchers will be able to see it. Any information about you will have a number on it instead of your name. Only the researchers will know what your number is and this information will also be password-protected on secure computers and servers. It will not be shared with or given to anyone except those involved in the research. Any physical documents involved with research (e.g., paper surveys) will be locked in a secure location and destroyed at the end of the study.

However,  we  cannot  promise  complete  confidentiality.  Federal  or  state  laws  may permit or require us to show information to university or government officials and the National Cancer Institute responsible for monitoring this study. We may also have to tell appropriate authorities, such as child protective services or health care providers, if we learn during the study that you or others are at risk of harm (for example, due to child or elder abuse, or suicidal thoughts).

Authorizing the research team to use your PHI means that we can release it to the people or groups listed below for the purposes described in this form. Once your health information is released outside UW-Madison or UW Health it may not be protected by privacy  laws  and  might  be  shared  with  others. Also,  with  appropriate  institutional permissions and confidentiality protections, we might use information that we collect during this study for other research or share with other researchers without additional consent or authorization from you or your legally authorized representative.
