Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine if a short course of the steroid dexamethasone, given before immunotherapy, can improve how well immunotherapy works for your non-small cell lung cancer. You are eligible if your cancer has progressed despite previous immunotherapy treatments like pembrolizumab or nivolumab. Participation involves routine CT scans, extra blood draws, and a 7-13 day course of dexamethasone before your first three immunotherapy infusions, lasting up to 6 years total. Potential risks include side effects from both immunotherapy and dexamethasone, such as infections, appetite changes, and mood swings. There’s a chance the treatment won’t help, and your cancer could grow. Possible benefits include a renewed response to immunotherapy. You can choose to participate or not without affecting your VA benefits. Your information will be kept confidential with a unique code, and you will receive $50 for completing both FLT-PET scans. If you are injured due to the study, you will receive treatment, but there is no financial compensation. You can withdraw at any time, and the study team may also end your participation. You will be informed of any new findings that might affect your decision to continue. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. Nithya Ramnath or Brittany Pannecouk at (734) 845-3966.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS STUDY?

You are being asked to join a research study. As you read this form about the study, ask any questions you have. Feel free to take this document with you and talk the study over with your family, friends, and doctor before you decide. Being in the study is voluntary. You may decide not to join, and you may stop at any time. No matter what you decide to do, none of your VA benefits will be affected in any way. When all your questions are answered and if you decide to join the study, you will then be asked to sign this form to begin the study. By signing this form, it means you understand the study, risks, and you want to join the study. You will be given a copy of this consent form.

You are being asked to join this study because you have Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC). You are eligible because you have progressed on an FDA-approved therapy for lung cancer called immunotherapy. These therapies help your body's own immune system fight cancer. Some examples are: pembrolizumab (Keytruda), or nivolumab (Opdivo), durvalumab (Imfinzi).  We are trying to find out if giving a strong steroid (dexamethasone) for 7-13 days and then stopping it (at least 72 hours before resuming immunotherapy) will jump start your immune system to respond to immunotherapy again, perhaps allowing the immunotherapy to work better. Our study is based on rigorous laboratory experiments where we have noted such an effect.
