Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to see if vitamin A can boost the immune system’s ability to fight non-small cell lung cancer by increasing germinal centers in tumors. If you’re eligible, you’ll be randomly assigned to either receive vitamin A for 7 days before surgery, or proceed directly to surgery – both groups will have surgery as part of their standard care. Participation involves blood draws and taking vitamin A if assigned to that group, lasting up to 3 months. Potential risks include side effects from vitamin A like bleeding gums, headache, or diarrhea, though these are uncommon. There’s no guaranteed benefit from participating. You can choose to withdraw at any time without penalty. Your medical information will be kept confidential, though it may be shared for research purposes and regulatory review. Parking will be validated for study visits, but you won’t receive additional payment. If you experience an injury related to the study, limited insurance coverage is available. For questions or concerns, contact Dr. William J. Petty at [phone number], or the Institutional Review Board at [phone number] regarding your rights as a participant.

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## SUMMARY

You are invited to participate in a research study. The purpose of this research is to find out if taking vitamin A increases the number of germinal centers in your tumor and lymph tissues. The specific Vitamin A for this study is retinyl palmitate or retinyl palmitate/vitamin a.  Germinal centers are areas where cells that make antibodies mature and may be beneficial to patients with cancer.  Germinal centers can be found in the tumors of some patients with lung cancer.  Some researchers think that having germinal centers in the tumor could improve the immune system's ability to fight lung cancer.  Antibodies are proteins released from the immune system cells that are a key part of the immune systems function.  You are invited to be in this study because you have either known or suspected non-small cell lung cancer and it is thought that the cancer should be removed by surgery. Surgery for you type of cancer is standard of care, the research portion of this study is the administration of Vitamin A. Your participation in this research will involve 2 visits and last from about 2 months to about 3-1/2 months depending upon the timing of the surgery.

Participation in this study will involve taking vitamin A for 7 days. Within the next 21 days you will have your surgery.  All research studies involve some risks.  A risk to this study that you should be aware of is that vitamin A taken in higher doses can cause bleeding gums, sore mouth, bone pain, seizures, dry lips and mouth, diarrhea, double vision and headache.  It is unlikely that you will benefit from participation in this study.

Your participation in this study is voluntary.  You do not have to participate in this study if you do not want to.  There may be other choices available to you.  Some other choices may include surgery without vitamin A addition.  You will not lose any services, benefits, or rights you would normally have if you choose not to participate.

The remainder of this form contains a more complete description of this study. Please read this description carefully. You can ask any questions if you need help deciding whether to join the study. The person in charge of this study is William J. Petty, M.D. If you have questions, suggestions, or concerns regarding this study or you want to withdraw from the study his contact information (phone number) is: .

If you have any questions, suggestions or concerns about your rights as a volunteer in this research, contact the Institutional Review Board at or the Research Subject Advocate at Wake Forest at .

