Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WHAT ABOUT MY HEALTH INFORMATION?

In this research study, any new information we collect from you and/or information we get from your medical records or other facilities about your health or behaviors is considered Protected Health Information. The information we will collect for this research study includes : results from clinical laboratory tests or exams and demographic information.



If this research study involves the diagnosis or treatment of a medical condition, then Protected Health Information collected from you during this study will be placed in your medical record, and may be used to help treat you, arrange payment for your care, or assist with Medical Center operations

We will make every effort to keep your Protected Health Information private. We will store records of your Protected Health Information in a cabinet in a locked office or on a password protected computer.

Your personal health information and information that identifies you ('your health information') may be given to others during and after the study. This is for reasons such as to carry out the study, to determine the results of the study, to make sure the study is being done correctly, to provide required reports and to get approval for new products.

Some of the people, agencies and businesses that may receive and use your health information are the research sponsor; representatives of the sponsor assisting with the research; investigators at other sites who are assisting with the research; central laboratories, reading centers or analysis centers; the Institutional Review Board; representatives of Wake Forest University Health Sciences and North Carolina Baptist Hospital; representatives from government agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or the Office of Human Research Protections (OHRP), the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) and similar agencies in other countries.

Some of these people, agencies and businesses may further disclose your health information. If disclosed by them, your health information may no longer be covered by federal or state privacy regulations.  Your health information may be disclosed if required by law. Your health information may be used to create information that does not directly identify you. This information may be used by other researchers. You will not be directly identified in any publication or presentation that may result from this study unless there are photographs or recorded media which are identifiable.

Monitors, auditors, IRB or other regulatory agencies will be granted direct access to the participant's original medical record for verification of clinical trial procedures or data, without violating confidentiality of the participant and to the extent permitted by other applicable laws.

If required by law or court order, we might also have to share your Protected Health Information with a judge, law enforcement officer, government agencies, or others. If your Protected Health Information is shared with any of these groups it may no longer be protected by federal or state privacy rules.

Any Protected Health Information collected from you in this study that is maintained in the research records will be kept for at least six years after the study is finished. At that time any research information not already in your medical record will either be destroyed or it will be deidentified. Any research information entered into your medical record will be kept for as long as your medical record is kept by the Medical Center. You will not be able to obtain a copy of your Protected Health Information in the research records until all activities in the study are


completely finished.

You can tell William J. Petty, M.D. that you want to take away your permission to use and share your Protected Health Information at any time by sending a letter to this address:


However, if you take away permission to use your Protected Health Information you will not be able to be in the study any longer. We will stop collecting any more information about you, but any information we have already collected can still be used for the purposes of the research study.

By signing this form you give us permission to use your Protected Health Information for this study.

If you choose to participate in this study, your medical record at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center will indicate that you are enrolled in a clinical trial.  Information about the research and any medications or devices you are being given as a participant may also be included in your medical record.  This part of the medical record will only be available to people who have authorized access to your medical record.  If you are not a patient at this Medical Center, a medical record will be created for you anyway to ensure that this important information is available to doctors in case of an emergency.

A description of this clinical trial will be available on http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov, as required by U.S. Law.  This website will not include information that can identify you.  At most, the website will include a summary of the results.  You can search this Web site at any time.

Laboratory test results and other medical reports created as a result of your participation in the research study may be entered into the computer systems of Wake Forest University Health Sciences and North Carolina Baptist Hospital.  These will be kept secure, with access to this information limited to individuals with proper authority, but who may not be directly involved with this research study.

A North Carolina Baptist Hospital (NCBH) medical record will be created for all study participants. Information about your participation in the study will be placed in the NCBH medical record, along with any routine medical test results that were obtained at NCBH as part of this study.
