Consent Form Summary:

This research study aims to determine if vitamin A can boost the immune system’s ability to fight non-small cell lung cancer by increasing germinal centers in tumors. If you are eligible, you’ll be randomly assigned to receive either vitamin A for 7 days before surgery, which is standard care for your condition, or to proceed directly to surgery without the vitamin. Participation involves two visits over approximately 3 months and includes blood draws. Potential risks of vitamin A include mouth sores, headache, and, rarely, more serious side effects. There’s no guarantee of benefit from participating. You have the right to withdraw at any time without penalty. Your medical information will be kept confidential, though it may be shared with study teams and regulatory agencies as required by law.  Limited insurance coverage of up to $25,000 is available for study-related injuries. Parking will be validated for study visits, but you won’t receive any other payment. If you have questions or concerns, contact Dr. William J. Petty at [phone number] or the Institutional Review Board at [IRB contact information].

Extracted Paragraph from Consent Form:

## WILL YOUR RESEARCH RECORDS BE CONFIDENTIAL?

The results of this research study may be presented at scientific or medical meetings or published in scientific journals.  Your identity and/or your personal health information will not be disclosed unless it is authorized by you, required by law, or necessary to protect the safety of yourself or others.  There is always some risk that even de-identified information might be re-identified.

Participant information may be provided to Federal and other regulatory agencies as required. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), for example, may inspect research records and learn your identity if this study falls within its jurisdiction.

The purpose of this research study is to obtain data or information on the safety and/or effectiveness of vitamin A; the results will be provided to the sponsor, the Food and Drug Administration and other federal and regulatory agencies as required.

This research is covered by a Certificate of Confidentiality from the National Institutes of Health. The researchers with this Certificate may not disclose or use information, documents, or biospecimens that may identify you in any federal, state, or local civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, or other action, suit, or proceeding, or be used as evidence, for example, if there is a court subpoena, unless you have consented for this use. Information, documents, or biospecimens protected by this Certificate cannot be disclosed to anyone else who is not connected with the research except, if there is a federal, state, or local law that requires disclosure (such as to report child abuse or communicable diseases but not for federal, state, or local civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, or other proceedings, see below); if you have consented to the disclosure, including for your medical treatment; or if it is used for other scientific research, as allowed by federal regulations protecting research subjects.

The Certificate cannot be used to refuse a request for information from personnel of the United States federal or state government agency sponsoring the project that is needed for auditing or program evaluation by the National Institutes of Health which is funding this project or for information that must be disclosed in order to meet the requirements of the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  You should understand that a Certificate of Confidentiality does not prevent you from voluntarily releasing information about yourself or your involvement in this research. If you want your research information released to an insurer, medical care


provider, or any other person not connected with the research, you must provide consent to allow the researchers to release it.
